The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for, find and keep jobs.
Today we are asking you to take a few minutes to consider making a contribution to Pleasant Run to help the 1,500 children families we care for.
We are asking you to consider sponsoring one of our families for this holiday season.
Two of them told me yesterday that as a group they decided they had to earn the right to ask others for help by accomplishing something real to help themselves.
Therefore, we are asking you to donate 45, $10 gift certificates that can be used toward the purchase of school supplies or clothing, in the total amount of $450.
With this in mind, I am asking each one of you to make a personal contribution of $50, $100 or even $1,000 to show that you believe in the work that we do and are willing to support it with both your time and your finances.
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation.
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation.
We're asking for a contribution in the amount of because you can't got a better bang for your buck than to support an organization that impacts so many lives in so many ways.
Annually, we ask several of our youth serving organizations to join us in our effort to help young people grow up well in Indianapolis.
As you begin that process this year, I would like to ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more positive youth development by becoming a supporter of the Marion County Commission on Youth, Inc.
If you would like to find out more about the Big Sisters program, please call us, (317) 634-6102 and ask for Ellen Robinson.
When Chatterbox asked the Journal 's DC bureau chief, Alan Murray, who exercised good judgment in not breaking the Broaddrick story (and--full disclosure-- is Chatterbox's former boss), to comment about a Journal employee's feeding sources to the Times , he replied: "I don't really have any comment on what the edit page did.
"I asked her why she had decided to talk to the New York Post 's Steve Dunleavy, and refused a Times reporter.
She asked if I thought it would be all right to talk to the Times reporter.
Nearly 45 percent of those asked to state the present law on abortion could not give the correct answer.
After all, I began by stating that a bacterium swimming upstream in the glucose gradient was acting on its own behalf in an environment, defined an autonomous agent as a physical system able to act on its own behalf, then asked what a physical system must be such that it can act on its own behalf.
Clarke told us, "I asked the FBI, Dale Watson . . . to handle that, to check to see if that was all right with them, to see if they wanted access to any of these people, and to get back to me.
Although White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card remembered someone telling him about the Saudi request shortly after 9/11, he said he had not talked to the Saudis and did not ask anyone to do anything about it.
While he believed the details of Clarke's account to be incorrect, President Bush acknowledged that he might well have spoken to Clarke at some point, asking him about Iraq.
She recalled that in the first Camp David session chaired by the President, Rumsfeld asked what the administration should do about Iraq.
When Blair asked about Iraq, the President replied that Iraq was not the immediate problem.
"We ask every nation to join us."
There is that oft-quoted example, near the opening of Trial by Jury , where Defendant asks, “Is this the Court of the Exchequer?” and having been assured that it was, Defendant (aside) commands himself to “Be firm, be firm, my pecker.”
Nobody used to snicker at Chaucer's line (No. 5818) in The Prologe of the Wyf of Bathe , in which that harried dame asks: Why is my neghebores wif so gay?
I played all three, and the few other G.I.s in the room, which was quite large—big enough for a fair-sized dance with a small orchestra—either paid no attention or asked me to put on something by Glenn Miller or Jimmy or Tommy Dorsey instead.
I asked him what he thought the original title was.
I once asked Ory about it and he said, `It's m-u-s-c-a-t.
The other women gasped and asked, “And what is the famous Lipschitz curse?”
I looked up the word preceding and was, after a brief moment, asked to type in the word, which I did.
She boldly marched into a bookstore and asked the salesclerk for a copy each of Hemingway's The Sun Come Up Again and Throw Away the Gun and Steinbeck's The Angry Grape .
Anybody who asks “Why a brass monkey?” is probably not aware that brass monkeys were very common household ornaments in England in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
USAT 's off-lead reports that at yesterday's presidential press conference, the first questioner asked Bill Clinton to distinguish between his case and Richard Nixon's use of executive privilege.
And with the wisdom of the aged, Vannie Starr asks the question that now haunts the nation, "Why can't the President be satisfied with his wife?"
They were asked to reply (yes or no) to the use of tap water for brushing teeth, washing vegetables, consuming beverages containing ice made from tap water both inside and outside the home.
After a few Old Neukom Pale Ales, we couldn't resist asking them what they thought of this latest Clinton brouhaha.
Just ask Salman Rushdie.
Why, she asked, didn't I figure out a way to make the patient cooperate?
Hopping's letter: “Never Ask a Uruguayan Waitress for a Little Box: She Might Apply Her Foot to Your Eyelet,” by John Cassidy [X,1]; “Mrs.
I had a conversation with Carlson before his article was published (I offered to help, he asked questions and I answered them).
Spiegelman and collaborators [ 34 35 ] asked bacteriophage Qβ only to "go forth and replicate" in the medium containing Qβ replicase, and numerous functions were lost.
How come," they ask, "did we wind up with an increase that was larger than that proposed by the USPS, when almost everyone else got a break?"
The doubter will be Bill Kristol, TV pundit and editor of the Weekly Standard . That makes Kristol, among more glorious attributes, Slate 's neighbor in a downtown D.C. office building--which may answer the question several distressed readers have asked: Why so many writers in Slate from the Weekly Standard ? Answer: They're just so ...
Before we go any further, I need to ask what you think of an essay that begins this way.
LSC's grantees were asked to:
But I'm waiting for Anthony junior (there I go again, dissing the female characters) to ask his father when he's going to be a made guy.
Rahm Emanuel: "Frank" (as in Frank Sesno, the host of Late Edition , who asked Emanuel the question).
Dumbfounded, I asked why he hadn't taken them.
In one sense they are, but if people were to pay hard cash to watch a belly dancer only to find that it was a man, I think they might have some justification in asking for their money back.
For each interval, participants were asked questions on drinking pattern comparable to those asked for the past 30 days and asked to estimate what percentage of the drinks consumed during that interval came from the specific beverages consumed during that interval.
If you suspect he is taking an after-work breather with someone other than his employer, you could call the man and ask.
The LAT asks a "restaurant consultant": "In the short run, this clearly hurts Burger King," he says.
Don't Ask Microsoft
OMB also asked that the Commission examine the burden associated with "third party reporting" and ensure that this burden was reflected in the Commission's final rule.
But when two things occur in tandem, it isn't always right to ask which is the cause and which the effect.
The LAT and WP do a good job explaining the German background to the story--last fall, Germany's Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, aware of the sensitive mix of the larger number of Kurds and Turks in his country, decided not to ask Italy to hand Ocalan over on an outstanding arrest warrant.
Jackson met the boys two years ago when he was visiting the country and they asked for his autograph.
And if it were found to be a sustainable monopoly, one could ask whether that situation would be better than the one that exists now.
I am asking that you consider supporting our efforts once again this year with a similar gift.
For that reason, I shall ask you to clip out of the papers those articles or editorials I designate with the initial 'M.
"Governor, have you ever manufactured crystal meth?" he asks Bush.
When Anna Scott--with her sunglasses and strong "don't touch" vibe--appears from amid his shelves to ask about a particular guide to Turkey, his recitation dribbles off hopelessly: "There's also a very amusing incident with a kebab--among ...
Carville then asks his better half why Bush didn't stay silent on Vermont's recent gay-partnership court decision.
Dawkins asks us to imagine the myriad forms of life inhabiting a vast mountain.
We estimated an index of weekly energy expenditure as follows: all participants were asked the average daily number of stairs climbed, and the number of city blocks walked during the week, in the past year.
If you asked people about a lot of accidents, if you said: Could this happen?
No one ever asks whether a white actor, as a white actor, should have played a given role.
--George W. Bush ( Meet the Press ), asked if he would follow in the footsteps of John McCain and visit a GOP gay-rights group, the Log Cabin Republicans
Asked where she sees herself in 10 years' time, she replied: "Sitting in a café in Paris.
The judge also made another ruling that gets less attention: he refused to order Microsoft to stop asking business partners to sign "non-disclosure" provisions that require notifying Microsoft when passing information along to the government.
Prudie hesitates to ask what he is steering the car with.
I wanted to follow her asking playful questions.
Fred Graver and Betsy Steyer Graver ask: What sort of accommodations?
For the last 24 years, students at the University of California, Santa Cruz have been able to ask their professors for written evaluations instead of the standard grades.
The Times doesn't say) seeking damages and asking that she be prevented from making interview or book deals allowing her to profit from the death.
I know our dialogue is over, but I still wish I could ask you where you're going next and which of these guides you would bring along.
Not only can employers ask, they can require it; and if you refuse more than once to do something your employer has asked just because nobody put it in your job description, you might even be denied unemployment benefits when they fire you.
Starr-gaysing . The WP carries a piece way inside with the suggestion that some of Kenneth Starr's investigators recently asked Bob Hattoy, a gay Clinton administration official, if he had been successful hiring homosexuals in to the government.
Once the floor was opened to questions, a reporter asked Moynihan, "What's wrong with Mr. Gore?"
Asked about Bush's slight against Bork, Bennett described it as "unfortunate."
When Chatterbox asked Buckley about this intriguing story--which apparently has never been told before, except in a footnote to Dan A. Oren's 1985 book Joining The Club: A History of Jews and Yale --Buckley was a little hazy about the details:
George Pataki, R-N.Y., said he will ask the state athletic commission to investigate the fight.
3. "Standard & Poor's said Pakistan had effectively defaulted on its bonds when it asked current investors to swap their old bonds for new ones.
You've got to look in the mirror every morning and ask yourself: 'What am I organizing for ?' "
I asked Czech president Vaclav Havel about this when he came to Washington a few years ago, and he agreed wholeheartedly with my analysis.
As usual, however, Chatterbox feels impatient with the provincialism of local records and asks: What's the most snow that's ever fallen, anywhere ?
; on the other hand, if you know that the date was 1657, one cannot say that the answer was “easy” or “difficult”: it is like asking a person his name.
Last week, the NYT reported that for the first time ever the U.S. military has asked for the power to take charge in the case of major terrorist strikes on American soil.
Asked by Russert whether he believes in God, Ventura replies immediately that he does--although he belongs to no denomination.
It would indeed be rude, unless you called first and asked whether it would be OK.
Lance Morrow of AOL-Time Warner asked.
Over the years, pro-choicers have continued to invoke medical expertise, particularly by rigging polls to ask whether "a woman and her doctor" (as opposed to a woman alone) should be entrusted with the abortion decision.
I need to know how to ask if someone is pregnant without giving offense if they're not.
25 billion in assets two Swiss banks may pay to survivors this week, they must fill out forms asking them to: "Please describe, in as much detail as you can, where the Subject was from 1934 to 1945."
When asked, I indicated that as long as the breast is hidden under a blanket with the child, I don't mind.
Asked if Monica carried a share of the blame for her relationship with President Clinton, he replied that it had been "a relationship between two adults," but that "it was totally irresponsible for the president to get involved with Monica to begin with."
"The Musharraf quiz craze, as many are calling it, has stormed America with everyone asking everyone else: 'Who is the leader of Pakistan?
