It's clear that if we don't increase our base of private funding, we won't have the kind of control we need to ensure the continued success of our centers and the very important services they offer.
As J. Monod properly emphasized three decades ago in a slightly dierent context concerning activation and inhibition of enzymes at allosteric sites on the enzyme that are distant from the catalytic site, the relation of chemical structures that achieve control of catalysis are utterly arbitrary with respect to the chemical structures that undergo the catalysis.
In short, chemistry allows arbitrary organizations of control relations.
You are not responsible for acts and eects beyond your control.
Offutt Air Force Base in Nebraska was chosen because of its elaborate command and control facilities, and because it could accommodate overnight lodging for 50 persons.
The paper took it as a given that Bin Ladin would continue to act against the United States even while under Taliban control.
They held sway over islands off the northern Greek coast, but the Phoenicians kept control of the main sea routes; south of the area, trade continued as usual.
While Byzantine land was being divided, there was no one in control of the seas, so pirates raided towns on many of the islands.
The Genoese took control of the eastern Aegean Islands, which were considered the most valuable for agriculture and trade.
After they lost Jerusalem, a Mongol invasion swept through, and in 1244 the Mameluke dynasty of Egypt took control, ruling Jerusalem for the next 250 years.
Jerusalem fell to the Ottomans in 1517, remaining under their control for 400 years.
As a result of armistice agreements in 1949, Jerusalem was divided: West Jerusalem was to be under Israeli control, and East Jerusalem (including the Old City, with its Jewish, Muslim, Christian, and Armenian quarters) came under Jordanian authority.
To the right was the Main Control building, where the computers where maintained and supervised.
No, I couldn't lose control.
He already told me: I have no control.
Fame, you are getting out of control.
It wasn’t descending with control, but falling.
He can’t help but give up control.
Control hybridizations using a sense strand Gad1 probe were also performed.
To the greatest extent possible, California should shift control over interconnection away from th e utility and place that control with the California ISO.
To the greatest extent possible, California should shift control over interconnection away from th e utility and place that control with the California ISO.
We recommend that the State of California provide rebates directly to customers to fund the installation of advanced metering and control systems that would support load curtailment implementation.
Indeed, Bush has already made clear his intention to roll back one of the most important of these regulations, a provision known as new source review that compels utilities to install modern pollution controls whenever they significantly upgrade older plants.
Never mind that in a regime that is controlled by warlords, it does not matter who is authorized to distribute the aid -- the ruling regional warlords will seize control of it and use it to their own advantage.
Critics fail to credit Moore with not making the same mistake that some gun control advocates make -- concluding that gun ownership "leads" to violence.
The gun control movement, on the other hand, distracts from the real causes of violence -- poverty, paranoia, the "war on drugs" and antisexuality.
As a partial control for the problem of imprecise sensing, a function will perform an analysis of the array information coming on from Antie’s four sensors on each stalk.
One of the most prominent, lasting influences is that of the land grant system. Initially the Spanish government attempted to instate the encomienda system, in which a conquistador maintained direct control over the indigenous peoples and their land.
This was in turn replaced by the repartimento; the natives were allowed to maintain control over their land and their laws but remained in every way the inferior of the Spanish, providing labor and taxes as demanded.
All the methods built off the idea that you are in control: anger is an emotion, and you can change your emotions.
Effects of Lay Theories of Self-Control on Setting and Keeping Resolutions.
She reached for another dial on the house controls.
The controls of the capturador were more complex than those of a kitchen model, but I recognized the unstop tab.
Nevertheless, anomalous reaches that are not related to artificial controls, tributary influences, lithologic change, or paleotectonics may reasonably be assumed to be the result of active tectonics until proved otherwise.
At a very basic level agency is about control and communion is about co-operation.
In the name of “wolf control,” wolf killers will predictably once again use aircraft to hunt wolves to the point of exhaustion, so that the wolves have, literally, no chance of survival.
Every decaying city in America has D's firmly in control, and has forever.
They try to exert some sort of control over it's meaning by elevating it to a level that makes it untouchable.
But in order to regain some control over their lives that they firmly believe they've lost, they're now trying to determine, with unwavering certainty, that we've all been doing this wrong the whole time and if we just get back to what the founders wanted, everything will be ok.
We are concerned that S. 556's short timeframes for installation of controls could lead power plants to be taken off-line at important times, which could lead to electricity shortages.
EPA is obligated by a settlement agreement to issue by the end of 2004 a Maximum Achievable Control Technology (MACT) standard to require source-specific controls of mercury and other hazardous air pollutants from electric utilities.
EPA is obligated by a settlement agreement to issue by the end of 2004 a Maximum Achievable Control Technology (MACT) standard to require source-specific controls of mercury and other hazardous air pollutants from electric utilities.
Additionally, states know that if they do not get the reductions from power generators, they will have to impose significant reduction requirements on other local industrial and commercial sources or impose local transportation control measures.
Since states now know that EPA has authority to address transport pollution through responses to 126 petitions or by issuing a rule like the NOx SIP Call, we anticipate that states will be turning to these types of control approaches early in the SIP process.
With most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements, it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as additional requirements are promulgated.
With most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements, it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as additional requirements are promulgated.
The savings come from the opportunity to make cost-effective plant investment and retirement decisions with full knowledge of upcoming SO2, NOx and mercury requirements, rather than investing in "add-on" control equipment to meet the requirements of each regulation.
Strategies and technologies for the control of SO2, NOx and mercury emissions exist now, and improved methods are expected to become available over the next several years.
The air pollution control and monitoring technology industry is expected to continue to respond with cost-effective compliance solutions just as they have done for the past 30 years.
We do not believe it is reasonable to expect all the control technology installations to be completed in that time frame without very high costs and electricity reliability problems.
Reliability problems could arise as large amounts of capacity are taken out of service for extended periods of time to install the control equipment necessary to meet the emissions reduction requirements.
The 90% source-specific control for mercury is also problematic.
We have not seen anything that demonstrates that every coal-fired power plant would be able to achieve 90% source-specific controls for mercury by 2007, without considerable fuel switching, which would be very disruptive to our economy and undermine energy security.
all for the sake of protecting wholesaler profits by giving them unprecedented control and influence over the entire American alcohol industry.
Over the past 10 years,more than 25 states have faced challenges in federal courts to their authority to regulate alcohol and their ability to maintain a licensed system of alcohol controls.
Even in the wake of successful suits that challenged the protectionist laws that wholesalers originally pushed, the state retained extraordinarily broad authority to maintain a robust system of alcohol controls.
Since I live in Texas Ill have to resort to buying O'Douls and Welchs grape juice after the Baptists take control of the law in the State legislature.
That, combined with the formation of the Nevada Gaming Control Board, would signal the beginning of the end for heavy mob influence in the city.
TGI Friday's completely lost control of the page and eventually doled out a lot of free burgers.
It turns out that the submarine crew was trying to load Microsoft Windows on their fire control computer.
Captain: Is the new fire control Windows OS installed yet?
Now click on the fire control icon and let us see how this works.
another long pause] Captain: Why does the fire control screen have a dancing paper clip on it?
Outlook Express Fire Control has performed an illegal operation and will be shut down.
I'm instructing the task manager to shut down Outlook Fire Control.
another long pause] Seaman: The task manager says that Outlook Fire Control is not responding.
Birth Control Pill Sadie: Doctor, write for me a prescription for birth control pills.
Doctor: But those were birth control pills, not sleeping pills.
The Remote Control - Overcoming Your Dependency 24.
Why do you press harder on the buttons of a remote control when you know the batteries are dead?
I've suggested that as a first pass the charset should only be settable in the system config file, and that the charset always be coerced to US-ASCII unless the text contains 8-bit characters and/or has ``funny'' control characters such as ESC or SI/SO.
I've suggested that as a first pass the charset should only be settable > in the system config file, and that the charset always be coerced to US-ASCII > unless the text contains 8-bit characters and/or has ``funny'' control > characters such as ESC or SI/SO.
o control over font size
The control panel for the html-math plug-in would allow the user to set the font size to be used in these contexts.
If the USWA supported the efforts to revive the mills and encouraged worker control and ownership of the factories, then the government (and potentially other important people and institutions as well) might begin to think that the UWSA leaders were encouraging socialism.
After all, most of the rules that govern building design—fire codes, building codes, zoning laws, budgets, programmatic requirements, engineering norms—are outside the architect’s control; stylistic rules are firmly within his purview.
After all that – so near the end, to lose control again.
You lose control of your typeface once it is released into the world.
At the upper terminus there is a four-level shopping center, the Peak Galleria, and the Peak Tower, which resembles an airport control tower and has shops, entertainment, and restaurants.
The study was only able to enroll non-sexual contacts for each category of controls.
There were statistically significant differences between post-treatment patient samples and controls in the 0-1 and 2-5 age groups for EBV VCA IgG and in all age groups for CMV IgG demonstrating higher seropositivity in patients than in controls.
The tone of the amendment remains deferential to the states’ control of the electoral process, even for national office.
, significantly different from the control) if the relative difference from the control is less than the lower PMSD bounds in Table 6. See USEPA, 2000b for specific examples of implementing lower PMSD bounds.
0%, 1.00%, and 0.100%, and a control, for 8-24 h.
These 24 students had been randomly assigned to a sequence of rotations that placed both their Internal Medicine and Family Medicine rotations in the latter part of the year, and thus the control group contains more missing data.
Several agencies asked whether certain changes to their existing payment process complied with the internal control requirements of Title 7. At the time of the request, their procedures required the verification of receipt and acceptance prior to authorization of payment.
The effect of lactacystin is specific, since the control reporter gene β-Gal was not inhibited by lactacystin (data not shown).
Similarly, olanzapine significantly decreased the amplitude of high frequency oscillations (HFO) from a control value of 1.6 (±0.
The NYT goes a little further than the others in describing the meat regulatory system, pointing out that, concerned by problems of contamination, Agriculture officials have recently approved a new more stringent system of controls, but adding that the new system is not scheduled to be in place anywhere until early next year, and not at the Hudson plant until 1999.
"The income tax is a form of tax that was advocated by Marx and Lenin because it cedes in principle to the government control of EVERY LAST DOLLAR that is made or earned in income," he bellowed, walking to the edge of the stage.
5. Such precise control of the shapes and sizes of areas/regions of genetically engineered cells would be very difficult to achieve with free viral vectors, which can diffuse freely in solution.
Thank you, Ian, for teaching me that there are some things Man cannot control.
just send me a message if you want a copy :) wrapping presents like a madwoman and the film control is awesome Every day is one day closer to freedom!
It's control.
