"Not everyone in Calcutta, or India for that matter, is unanimous in praising the nun, whose organization was able to raise millions of dollars worldwide but made virtually no significant changes in the social structure of this collapsing city's poor neighborhoods.
Yiddish is especially versatile in describing those poor souls who inhabit the world of the ineffectual, and each is assigned a distinct place in the gallery of pathetic types: schmo, schmendrik, schnook, schmegegge, schlep, schlub, schmuck, putz, klutz, kvetch , and nudnik .
[ 10 ] showed that in the two-group microarray study setting the t -statistic assumption of equal variances between the two groups could result in poor performance.
But study after study shows that about 80 percent of the legal needs of the poor in the United States are unmet.
The early results have been poor to middling.
Follow these rules to become an independent student, and no matter how much your parents make, the government will consider you poor and in need of aid.
The Indian Journal of Medical Research , on the other hand, despite all the press reports about India's burgeoning middle class, is currently filled with reports on infectious diseases--the scourge of poor nations.
The truth is, however, that it was named after the Snake Indians of that area; and it is further true that the Snake Indians got their name from their habit of eating snakes: that part of the United States was very poor, and snakes were often the only food available.
Washington --- The organization that pays for legal representation for the poor could be in trouble.
The Post says the categories are minorities and poor people.
In published literature about barriers to care, influences of drug lifestyles and poor treatment in the system are documented barriers.
A most significant finding was that overall promoter hypermethylation is associated with the progression and predicts significantly poor disease-free survival.
(It is, alas, poor manners to ever tell anyone to **** off.)
The impetus for government reform came in part as a reaction to poor performance, continuing disclosures of waste, and chronic budget deficits.
Next year, Kentucky will lose almost $500,000 in grants through the federal Violence Against Women Act used to provide legal assistance to poor women who are victims of domestic violence.
Ironically, there was plenty of food around — corn, cattle, sheep, and flour — but it was not available to the poor.
Or, if you prefer, sexual McCarthyism: the madness that prevails when private mistakes become daily fodder for public titillation, and are then used as political weapons to club the poor sinning bastards to death.
Once viewed by parents as "a curse," Chinese women are now significantly contributing to the economic well being of poor rural areas and gaining new respect in the process.
Grand Rapids lawyer Robert Lalley Jr. has never been poor.
Basal and corticotropin (ACTH)-stimulated cortisol levels correlate with the severity of illness, and very high cortisol levels often signify a poor prognosis [ 14].
Can equal justice exist where the laws cannot be enforced because the poor cannot secure counsel?
Liberal child advocates, the Children's Defense Fund prominent among them, regard the funding--$20 billion, available over six years--as almost surely insufficient to offer the poor a true choice of quality day care.
He started talking about homeless people and poor people and all that.
These two characteristics are among the most predictive of a poor outcome.
From the clinical perspective, the findings suggest poor sensitivity of the range of motion and pain diagnostic tests in the evaluation of spinal dysfunction.
But many economists, especially non-Americans, complain that Rubin has been far too obliging toward his old colleagues and indifferent to the poor Russians and bankrupted Koreans damaged by his decisions.
Perhaps if the economic doldrums continue, and the poor get poorer, the pro bono increase that Mr. Curnin and others want will indeed occur.
That was the perplexed comment that greeted my first halting efforts to explain the Clinton scandal to my children, ages 6 and 9. I promptly began quoting the profundity to my friends and reflecting indignantly, along with the rest of America, on what a poor role model the overgrown youth in the White House is for our youth.
Since last year, Hall has been meeting with nonprofit leaders and others who expressed concern that a merger would mean less representation for the poor in their communities.
I received somewhere around 2.7 million e-mails from Slate readers asking for help in the battle against poor customer service.
This correlated with poor development of syncytial aggregates.
(May 8, 1667); and “This morning up, with mighty kind words between my poor wife and I” (November 20, 1668).
The present study showed that the presentation with or the development of blood stream infection in hospitalized patients with HIV leads to poor outcome, as evidenced by increased mortality, length of hospital stay, and intensive care unit admission rate.
A poor man named John Cordeaux was brazen enough to suggest [May 27, 1893] that stoat is from the Anglo-Saxon steort , a tail.
"A disproportionate number of ill-fated characters comes from the ranks of poor, Latino and foreign men, and both young and old African-American and poor women."
"Deranged militias, abandoned factories, and seething hostility to the poor, that is Michigan to me."
There is no life like the poor man's who
5 percent of its annualized grant to encourage participation by private attorneys in the provision of legal assistance to poor individuals.
The organized bar did not have an infrastructure to supply volunteer lawyers to meet the legal needs of the poor.
How ironic that a program once watched by poor and wealthy viewers alike ultimately perished because its creator couldn't handle the move from being poor to being wealthy herself.
These are addressing a wide range of needs of the poor, including access to jobs, education, shelter and personal safety.
However, analyses in which synteny and phylogenetic information were also considered suggest that codon bias and G+C content are poor indicators of HGT [ 45 ] . A role for 'amelioration', whereby structural characteristics of the foreign gene are eventually homogenized to resemble those of the recipient species, has been assumed, but the rate was postulated to be the same as the rate of random, forward mutation [ 42 ] . In addition to alterations in codon usage (as reflected in G+C content), for a bacterial gene to function efficiently in a nematode presumably requires acquisition of regulatory elements (including a promoter) and structural elements (including a poly(A) tail and, optionally, a trans -spliced leader).
And instead of proposing coercive systems to make poor women work and poor men support their families, Bradley suggests various ways of raising their incomes to the poverty line.
I wonder if rich ladies' self-actualization provides a useful model for legislation to help poor women.
We have been working very hard to call the legal community's and the public's attention to our funding crisis and its impact on MALS's efforts to secure equal access to justice for our community's poor and elderly residents."
Despite the recent changes in the welfare system, federal, state, and local governments will still be spending large amounts of money to assist poor people--not only through welfare but also through Medicaid, food stamps, Supplemental Security Income, and the Earned Income Tax Credit.
Add to these disastrous policies a segregated public-housing program that concentrated affordable housing for the poor in central cities, and you see why, by 1950, the suburbs were growing 10 times faster than the central cities; and why, in 1960, not a single one of the 82,000 residents of Levittown was black.
More funding and more resources for legal services for the poor must be a statewide priority.
All current mouse RI sets are small, and consequently the most common criticisms leveled at QTL mapping with RI strains is that the precision and power are poor and that only those QTLs with unusually large effects can be detected reliably.
First, profiling mouse tissue alone using probe sets designed for human genes gives poor hybridization, to the extent that the contribution from mouse genes would not have been enough to account for the differences in gene expression observed.
When he died, a millionaire, in 1850 (back when a million dollars really meant something), he left his money to the city to build schools for the poor.
Any efforts government might make to improve the economic opportunities of poor people, especially poor black people, are likely to fail, because their poverty is so much the result of inherited low intelligence.
Indeed, the exact placement of many of the non-orthologous arsC genes was difficult and poor bootstrap support for some nodes suggests that refinement of arsC phylogeny as more sequences become available should be an ongoing process.
Statistics suggest that crime, domestic abuse and alcoholism rise in gambling's wake--while the poor most conspicuously get poorer."
The general production of the book is poor: the paper has too much “see-through,” causing the type on the back of a page to interfere with the legibility; the type is too gray; the definitions are run into one another, with semicolons in place of definition numbers, making it difficult to distinguish senses and requiring one to read through a long entry before coming to the sense sought; it is almost impossible to discover where a new part of speech begins; subentries of idiomatic phrases and phrasal verbs are given the same prominence as headwords, making them easy to find but detracting from the headword treatment; and the substandard typography has created many loose lines which poor proofreading has failed to catch.
Now The Nation lambastes Rubin as a conservative who favors bank deregulation that will hurt the poor.
But Medicaid is increasingly a program of aid not for the poor per se, but rather, for the old.
Although bidders tend to portray themselves as rescuing ailing companies--UPR said it was reacting to "a decade of broken promises and poor performance" at Pennzoil--in fact they almost uniformly bid for profitable, healthy companies that the market, for one reason or another, is undervaluing.
West Virginia lost 30,000 poor people, according to Census figures used by the Legal Services Corp.
Just a quick comment on the poor advice you gave to a woman inquiring about a . I married someone who was briefly married before.
The robustness of ROC analysis to yield T M and ROC area values to discriminate 'good' from 'poor' microarray hybridizations relies on the relative positions of signal ranges from positive and negative controls as well as from target genes.
If you can't get a lawyer, you can't afford to be poor.
2 million to help its work defending the rights of poor people.
The Great Famine struck in 1845 with a blight on the staple food of the poor, the potato.
California does have a strong network of legal aid organizations that try to help meet the needs of the poor, but there's just one legal aid lawyer available per 10,000 poor people.
The authors found relatively poor concordance between duplicate arrays, with an average of 12% increase/decrease calls between the same RNA processed in parallel and hybridized to two Mu11K-A microarrays.
Mintie noticed that health-care professionals were graduating with staggering debts and also couldn't afford to work with the poor.
It is poor style to find the headword term defined virtually as an afterthought.
And some subjects receive placebos because, unlike penicillin for Alabama, the full AZT regimen is out of reach for poor countries.
Which is hanging a lot on the poor old theory of natural selection.
The China National Nuclear Corp. said the Japanese disaster was due entirely to "poor management and human error" and had nothing to do with nuclear technology.
9% respectively in 1999) [ 12 ] . Minority women from poor urban communities, such as D. C., enter prenatal care later and have fewer prenatal care visits than white women of higher socio-economic levels [ 13 14 ] . Women who make little or no use of prenatal care often are disenfranchised members of the community, such as homeless and substance abusing women [ 15 16 ] . In D.C., many people, particularly those from disenfranchised communities, do not believe that prenatal care is important.
Founded in 1253 as a college for poor theological students by Robert de Sorbon, Louis IX’s chaplain, it took shape as a university under the tutelage of Cardinal Richelieu.
M6P/IGF2R locus in head and neck cancer is also associated with poor patient prognosis.
The project is the work of Lake County circuit court officials and Prairie State Legal Services, a statewide agency with an office in Waukegan that provides information and legal assistance to poor and elderly Illinois residents.
In the annotation of the unmasked WGS3 scaffold, transposable elements within rolled introns interfered with Genscan so that a very poor rolled gene prediction was generated, and protein similarity results of transposable elements complicated the evidence.
However, his clash with the old San Gabriel program resulted in litigation, bitter feelings and a mission that some say is not clearly focused on serving poor people.
v] I guess that “older” means `anyone older than Kirkpatrick,' which I happen to be; but, while it is a matter of fact (and of record) that I do seek to impose restrictions, they are directed against inept, ineffectual, inaccurate language and poor style.
Between two and three "Coffin Fellows" housed at Pine Tree have handled family law cases on behalf of poor people every year since 1998;
All poor Clinton was doing was trying to "struggle with the gummy, vexed exigencies of the merely human."
We easily detected a signature of biological electron transport within a biologically poor, sandy soil containing about 30,000 cultivable cells per gram (Idaho red sand), and also from a soil from the extreme environment of Lake Boney Basin, Antarctica (Table 1).
But they have fundamentally different attitudes about how the federal government should go about helping poor people.
A state foundation is giving West Texas Legal Services and the Fort Worth chapter of the NAACP more than $1 million to help provide civil legal services to the poor.
Five independent Salt Lake organizations that provide legal services to the poor, ethnic minorities, seniors and people with disabilities have joined together to acquire a west-side downtown building where they will have their offices.
Crop yield is poor, partly because of the chronic lack of water, and fields once tended are now deserted.
The most obvious candidates are age and wealth, either of which can increase the odds of both homeownership and long-term unemployment (the young and the poor scramble harder for jobs).
She is trying to bring legal aid services to the Inland Valley -- the closest legal aid office is in El Monte and represents 700,000 poor people throughout the San Fernando, San Gabriel and Inland valleys.
But what good is this if there are so many more women having children?), 500 million illiterates, and 320 million abjectly poor people.
Compared with Bergen, Passaic has many more people who are poor and Spanish-speaking and receive housing aid and they should not have to travel elsewhere for legal aid, he says.
Making driving even more complicated is the fact that the roads, although improving, are often of poor quality, and the directional signs leave much to be desired.
Just as Seattle's renaissance is fueled by an influx of aggressive capitalists, its previous stagnation was caused by the sloth and poor economic policies of its other tenants: Indians, Scandinavians, and hippies.
A poor positive predictive Value (PPV) supported this finding.
For the other three systems, calibration tested by the C -statistic was poor.
The papers have shed little light on how poor weather can impede various missions."
, Wagen `car'/ wagen `dare,' Arm `arm'/ arm `poor'); loanword identification (e.g.
