He wondered aloud how much evidence the United States would need in order to deal with these countries, pointing out that major strikes could take up to 60 days to assemble.
It drew on the Infinite Resolve "phased campaign" plan the Pentagon had begun developing in November 2000 as an addition to the strike options it had been refining since 1998.
In Phase Two, air strikes and Special Operations attacks would hit key al Qaeda and Taliban targets.
The Phase Two strikes and raids began on October 7. The basing arrangements contemplated for Phase One were substantially secured-after arduous effort-by the end of that month.
Mohammed Atef, al Qaeda's military commander and a principal figure in the 9/11 plot, had been killed by a U.S. air strike.
After the August 1998 missile strikes in Afghanistan, naval vessels remained on station in or near the region, prepared to fire cruise missiles.
As Arab armies massed on the borders of Israel in 1967, the Israeli Air Force destroyed the air forces of Egypt, Syria, Jordan, and Iraq with a preemptive strike.
Other interesting stories from the NYT 's Iraq package report that 1) President Clinton's decision to terminate the Iraq strike came just 15 minutes before the missiles were to launch; and 2) The French are miffed at Sen.
The UPS strike settlement is everybody's lead.
The new republic was conceived amid an orgy of strikes, church-burnings, and uprisings of the right and left.
Air strikes were threatened in October 1998; a full-scale NATO bombing campaign against Serbia was launched in March 1999.
The Special Operations plans were apparently conceived as another quick strike option-an option to insert forces after the United States received actionable intelligence.
Lech Walesa, a shipyard electrician, led worker strikes in Gdansk.
The initial strikes had been called Operation Infinite Reach.
General Wojciech Jaruzelski adopted a hard line and declared martial law in December 1981 in response to continued strikes across Poland.
Gerald Solomon was "furious in accusing the president of using the Iraqi air strikes as a political foil to impeachment," and that former Bush Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger said the operation's timing "smells to high heaven."
He briefed Berger on the "Infinite Resolve" strike options developed since 1998, which the Joint Staff and CENTCOM had refined during the summer into a list of 13 possibilities or combinations.
24 meeting will issue a "balanced" statement opposing fresh U.S. strikes against Iraq and also coming out against assistance to the Iraqi opposition in its goal of bringing down Saddam.
Several weeks ago I spoke with a New York City organizer about the disastrous newspaper strike in Detroit.
I am writing to compliment James Surowiecki on his simultaneously rigorous and humanistic analysis of the General Motors strike ("Moneybox," June 10).
Although even the United Farm Workers considers the strike against table grapes to be "dormant," until last Thursday it was still going strong, reports the Wall Street Journal , at Harvard.
The Aug. 24 page offers straight-ahead pieces on the UPS strike and on current understanding of the cosmos, but the datelines are East Hampton, N.Y., and Chilmark, Mass.
Strikes, Lies, and Videotape
Clarke hoped the August 1998 missile strikes would mark the beginning of a sustained campaign against Bin Ladin.
The similar missile strike stories include maps of the attack sites and diagrams of the Tomahawk missile but little news.
, relatively low civilian-casualty) strikes and Saddam escapes, as he did in 1991, the Republicans can charge him with timid leadership (unsurprising from a chicken who dodged the draft).
The Secretary was informed of the second strike in New York during the briefing; he resumed the briefing while awaiting more information.
Zinni was even less enthusiastic than Cohen and Shelton about follow-on cruise missile strikes.
Tim Russert grills him on the issues: Trump advocates a pre-emptive strike on North Korean nuclear facilities and declares nuclear proliferation his highest priority.
Shanker crippled New York City's school system in the late 1960s with strikes against school decentralization.
And now, most damningly, some conservatives are contending that Carey instigated the UPS strike in order to distract attention from his own troubles.
The WP reports that a spokesman for House Ways and Means Chairman Bill Archer complained about Clinton's "pre-emptive strike against tax relief."
In fairness, we note two points: First, in December 1998, the principals' wariness about ordering a strike appears to have been vindicated: Bin Ladin left his room unexpectedly, and if a strike had been ordered he would not have been RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 141 hit.
The UPS strike makes everybody's front page, but only leads at USA Today . The Los Angeles Times leads with California's passage of a welfare reform bill that would for the first time ever subject state recipients to strict time limits and work requirements, along with a companion measure that would ban from the rolls for life anyone convicted of a drug felony.
Even with a bunch of terrorists conveniently assembled in a single spot, the cruise missile strike in Afghanistan was self-defeating: It no doubt guaranteed Osama Bin Laden 10 new recruits for every terrorist who was killed.
Example: "It is dangerous for an American president to launch a military strike, however justified, at a time when many will conclude he acted only out of narrow self-interest to forestall or postpone his own impeachment" ( Wall Street Journal editorial).
Even Clarke's note challenging Rice to imagine the day after an attack posits a strike that kills "hundreds" of Americans.
When Columbia University undergraduates wanted an ethnic studies major a couple of years ago, they held a successful hunger strike on campus.
The Orangemen threatened to call a general strike, and authorities agreed to let them stage another march in Belfast next week.
But while Carey is the first union official in a generation to intrude on America's public consciousness, and while the UPS strike is the most important and disruptive walkout since Reagan busted the air-traffic controllers in 1981, the Carey backlash is already under way.
He has to do everything--call pitches, throw out base-stealers, reposition infielders, chase down foul balls, calm pitchers, doctor the ball, establish a rapport with the umpire so he calls a big strike zone, chase bunts, run down toward first base to back up the throw from shortstop and, worst of all, guard home plate even if it means getting bowled over by charging opponents.
But now, says the paper's headline, "Long Strike Likely."
It has a predatory cousin, the Preemptive Strike.”
Experts speculated that the announcement of the proposal--which cannot become policy until after parliamentary elections later this year--was aimed at warning Pakistan against a first strike and at reassuring the world of India's sense of nuclear responsibility.
Across the board, in fact, investors are willing to overlook short-term losses due to strikes if they feel that a company's hard line will pay off in lower costs down the road.
Finding his woods "infested" with an endangered species, the red-cockaded woodpecker, a North Carolina landowner launched a preemptive strike.
One can debate endlessly about the merits and demerits of the walkout (and that is exactly what Walter Oi and Thomas Geoghegan are doing in Slate's "Dialogue" titled "The UPS Strike"), but it's hard to claim that Carey trumped up the strike.
"The first strike would therefore only be the prelude to a long offensive."
Tamil zealots threatened statewide strikes and a demonstration before the Chief Minister's residence seeking immediate withdrawal of the directive.
Authority was a bad joke to them until they ran into "three strikes, you're out": the disastrous outcome for both society at large and individuals when society fails to meet its responsibility to take preventive actions early--both nurturing and controlling actions.
In fairness, we note two points: First, in December 1998, the principals' wariness about ordering a strike appears to have been vindicated: Bin Ladin left his room unexpectedly, and if a strike had been ordered he would not have been RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 141 hit.
There was a succession of right-wing attempts to govern and Spain floundered in a sea of political strikes and violence.
With Hillary and Chelsea Clinton already in Istanbul, and Bill Clinton due there from Ankara later this week for a summit of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, the Guardian of London fronted Monday the claim that the disastrous earthquakes in northwestern Turkey were "a prelude to a cataclysmic strike in Istanbul."
By the next evening on CNN's Capital Gang , O'Beirne had fused her two salient NewsHour points--the IMF smells like corporate welfare and a unilateral strike against Iraq is warranted--into a Unified Bill Clinton Theory.
And he has led a strike whose aims are embarrassingly modest by the standards of old labor: a piddling raise, a few more full-time jobs, and a small change in the pension plan.
USAT goes with the outbreak of a sympathy strike at a second Flint, Michigan GM plant.
USAT puts Clinton in Mexico on page nine, leading instead with the Army's expected announcement today that it will initiate the creation of quick response "strike forces" of 3,000 to 5,000 troops to ultimately replace its current World War II-era organization based on divisions of between 12,000 and 15,000 soldiers.
Otherwise there was mostly gloom in Europe, about the prospect of NATO strikes on Serbia.
He is also quoted saying that other strikes were "not as successful."
(The first wave will be cruise-missile strikes on radar and communications centers.
Everyone but the WP gives front-page play to the continuing Northwest Airlines pilot strike.
A WP front-pager continues the review of the U.S.'s strike on the Sudan in retaliation for the embassy bombings.
UPS chairman James Kelly responded with the warning that a two-week strike could mean the layoff of 15,000 union workers and once again called for President Clinton to intervene.
It is called “chatter” by Jessica's manager (male), who attempts to teach his grade-school “persons of summer” the finer points of the game, and who often exhorts them from the sidelines, “Let's hear a little bit of chatter, now,” to which Jessica and the males on the team readily and rapidly respond “Alright, keed, knock it down his (or her, when applicable, and the pitcher for the opposing team is also female) throat” in support of a teammate at bat, or “Hit it to me,” “Make him hit it onna ground,” “Punch him out (current jargon for exhorting one's own pitcher to put out the opposing batter on strikes, known as a strikeout)” and suchlike.
The Joint Staff 's deputy director for operations agreed, even though he told us that later intelligence appeared to show that Bin Ladin had left his quarters before the strike would have occurred.
Zinni's planners surely considered the two previous times the United States had used force to respond to terrorism, the 1986 strike on Libya and the 1993 strike against Iraq.
Japanese commentators have happily adopted the American jargon of “Strike one, ball two,” “home run,” and “pinch hit. ”
China Daily said Friday in an editorial that behind America's "barbaric air strikes against Yugoslavia" lies a plan to divide Europe and dominate the world.
An article claims that racial animus is contributing to the NBA strike.
CENTCOM added a new "phased campaign"concept for wider-ranging strikes, including attacks against the Taliban.
The election will have to be rerun, but Carey may have the advantage because he triumphed in the strike.
USAT says some of the strikes targeted Iraqi Republican Guard bases in southern Iraq and that two people had died in Baghdad and 30 were wounded as a result of hits there.
Clinton's quick retaliation seems less bold considering U.S. intelligence felt a strike against bin Laden was justified prior to the Aug. 7 embassy bombings.
In exchange for the reinstatements, the union agreed not to impose fines or other sanctions on the 4,000 UAW members who crossed picket lines during the 1994-1995 strike.
Strikes against this theory: a) Lewinsky doesn't have enough knowledge of the law.
These difficulties produce such monstrosities as sutoraike for English `strike'—one syllable in English, five in Japanese.
That is, a surprise cocaine high that strikes at random.
