Date : September 28,
Did you see it at or around the date that it was published?
I don't know what the edition was or the copyright date or any of that information, but I do know that it was that biology textbook that was being debated very rigorously.
Another reported [same date]:
One of my first dates with the young woman who was to be my wife took us to Les Sylphides downtown in the Loop.
In other words, if one does not know the date of the Flushing Remonstrance no amount of thinking, soul-searching, calculation, or any other mental activity is going to yield the correct response to the question, “What was the <b>date</b> of the Flushing Remonstrance?”
Estimated date of arrival: May 1998 (but that could slip).
Date: Wed Dec 1
Not only were most of the rabbis present in ELSs, but they generally appeared closer to their own dates than to the <b>dates</b> of other rabbis.
Where the 1963 and 1980 dictionaries cited author, article, publication, and date (for a periodical), the same citation in the TBDNE gives only publication and <b>date</b>.
When McKay and his colleagues varied the experimental method, the choices of dates, and the way <b>dates</b> were expressed, the results almost invariably deteriorated.
Better than Bonfire of the Vanities . Eleven years in the making and nominated for the National Book Award before its official publication date, Wolfe's new novel is hailed as a masterpiece by some, given mixed reviews by others.
Previously the inauguration was prescribed for the beginning of March, but the amendment moved up the date to January 3 for Congress and January 20 for the presidency.
The gestation period for the African elephant is 22 months, which makes Kubwa's expected delivery date in March 2000.
Although the bed dates from the 1680s, it has never been slept in by royalty.
Because logophiles regularly ask about the progress of the Dictionary of American Regional English (familiarly known as DARE), I'd like to take the opportunity of VERBATIM's rebirth to bring you all up to date.
Will the customer buy a substitute item if a particular item is out of stock or return to the same store at a later date to purchase the item when it is again in stock?
From time to time we'd like to send out a modest newsletter that keeps you up to date on us and on you.
Dates for three additional visits will be selected in the near future.
"Taxes," or some equivalent word, appears in 43 of the 52 inaugural addresses to date.
000 to date - our goal is $32.
Numerous comments were received regarding the proposed plan to convert microwave incumbents to secondary status when the relocation rules sunset in 2005 and thereafter, licensees would not be required to pay relocation costs after that date to such incumbents.
In addition, for each concordant sibling, we record date of review of outside medical records, a stroke work-up checklist addressing medical reports reviewed by the physician member of the SVC who confirms stroke concordance, <b>date</b> of onset of index stroke (and of first stroke, if sibling had more than one), TOAST subtype of index stroke, and responses to all items contained in the QVSFS.
Randy would occasionally tell Stern to watch his content (he advised against a Bestiality Dial-a-Date routine, for example), but he also promoted Stern's career.
By the later of January 1 of the year before the first covered year or the date on which theunit commences operation, the owner or operator of each affected unit under subpart 3 of part B shall install and operate CEMS, quality assure the data, and keep records and reports in accordance with the regulations issued under paragraph (a)(2) with regard to sulfur dioxide and volumetric flow.
Date: Sun Oct 17
DATE: Fri Oct 8
But doing so will demand more tolerance and flexibility than any Turkish government has shown to date.
Publishers often use the latest of the potential publishing dates in order to ensure that a new new book doesn't look old too soon.
The celebrity-obsessed magazine publishes a special Diana issue, three days before its regular publication date of Monday.
The redundancy of when and the date that is confusing enough; but to describe the <b>date</b> as when the word “first appeared” is grossly misleading and inaccurate: it is the <b>date</b> for the earliest written evidence of the form.
In May, Radiation Research magazine published a scientific assessment of the research to date into the cell phone-cancer connection.)
Having first transformed yourself (Rule 1) into "a creature unlike any other"--radiant, confident, fashionable, mysterious, elusive, quiet, and, if necessary, nose-jobbed--don't talk to a man first (2) or too much (3), don't go Dutch (4) or sleep with him on the first date (14), don't call him and rarely return his calls (5), always end phone calls (6) and <b>dates</b> (11) first, and never accept a Saturday night <b>date</b> after Wednesday (7).
The redundancy of when and the date that is confusing enough; but to describe the <b>date</b> as when the word “first appeared” is grossly misleading and inaccurate: it is the <b>date</b> for the earliest written evidence of the form.
Date: Thu Dec 9
The LAT runs a story inside by one-time biographer David Shaw that provides a bit of evidence for the claim: Shaw writes of a time that he was out at a restaurant with Chamberlain and Chamberlain's date when the player excused himself to get the phone number of a woman at another table.
Date: Wed Dec 1
Some say the minimum, limiting themselves typically to birth and death dates, nationality, and occupation or status [ W9 ].
"Hollywood's gone baby," my date whispered.
A well-known postal chain, the St. Jude letter, claims a 1903 inception date.
The new items, pinstriper and Planet X, are, not surprisingly, both drawn from the BDC , which provided the actual citation for pinstriper and the date of earliest occurrence for Planet X. It seems likely that the increasingly common acronym PIN , for personal identification number , issued by banks as a unique identifier for customers who use automatic teller machines (yes, ATM is in), which was in BDC was passed over for TBDNE because it appears as an entry in the Random House Unabridged Second Edition (1987), though ATM is an entry in all three.
Date: Tue Oct 19
Moreover, the date cannot be associated with any particular definition, so it is a bit misleading, for an entry like log , which has several definitions, to show it as having entered the language “1350-1400.”
According to the Enquirer , Roseanne and her husband Ben Thomas recently showed up hand in hand at a West Hollywood restaurant, having skipped a court date for their divorce suit.
Date: Fri Oct 1
Yesterday's White House response to Willey was primarily two-fold: a strong denial from President Clinton, and the release of a raft of friendly letters Willey sent to the White House after the date she alleges she was groped by Clinton.
Now add the <b>date</b> sought: 2435 + 15 = 2450.
Date: Tue Jan 25
On their first date, Maurice takes Sarah to the cinema to see an adaption of one of his novels and has to shield his eyes from the coarseness of it.

W lists the “date of the earliest recorded use in English ...of the sense which the <b>date</b> precedes.”
20 Dates , which gives obnoxious heterosexual Jewish males a worse name than we deserve.
To date, we have received no answer from Rep.
Here is the method to apply in finding the day of any date of any year except leap years.
Date: Tue Jan 18
The revision includes material collected in the period 1950-55, but written up at a later date after Thirty-five was released from prison.
Francis Ford Coppola's legal thriller is judged the best Grisham film to date, as well as a modest comeback for the once-great director.
Critics call it "his prettiest record to date" (Nathan Brackett, Rolling Stone ) but predict that the move will disappoint fans drawn by the irony-laced style of the last album.
Moore is known for her wordplay, wry humor, and smart, bitter female protagonists; this collection is said to show a "deepening emotional chiaroscuro" (Michiko Kakutani, the New York Times )--Moore's most warm and powerful to <b>date</b>.
When McKay and his colleagues varied the experimental method, the choices of dates, and the way <b>dates</b> were expressed, the results almost invariably deteriorated.
DATE: Thu Sept 23 
"But all he left for posterity in Jerusalem was his signature and the date."
Date: Mon Dec 6
She also had a date with Cary Grant, stripped for Playboy , and refused cocaine from a Rolling Stone.
Not only were most of the rabbis present in ELSs, but they generally appeared closer to their own dates than to the <b>dates</b> of other rabbis.
The Random House lexicographer Jesse Sheidlower has found a reference to it in a passage from Varieties of Religious Experience , in which William James quotes words of Voltaire, for which he gives the date 1773: "All comes out at the end of the day, and all comes out still more even when all the days are over."
Two forces led Huxley to advance the date at which his society would arrive.
For those who can't wait until the fall release date of our book Dow 36,000 and want to start thinking through these issues, check out the Spring 1995 issue of the journal Contemporary Accounting Research , which provides a number of valuable review articles of the some of the relevant academic work.
Date: Wed Oct 13
Date: Thu Jan 20
According to the company, voters will be able to verify their identity using their date of birth and a digital signature.
McKay and his co-authors also claim that aspects of the experimental design (such as the way distances were measured between rabbis and dates) were tuned.
And if you enjoy that sort of thing, here's a little juxtaposition game you can play when you spot odd pairings of the bald and the beautiful; it's a betting game called "Date or Daughter?"
Date: Mon Dec 20
"His most emotionally accessible drama to date," says the New York Times ' Ben Brantley.
The audience, meanwhile, ends up cringing and squirming on behalf of his dates, some of whom are appalled to the point of violence and litigation by the revelation of a hidden camera.
DATE: Wed Sept 22
Antiviral use was not extensive, and the current study dates preceded the introduction of zanamivir and oseltamivir.
The redundancy of when and the date that is confusing enough; but to describe the <b>date</b> as when the word “first appeared” is grossly misleading and inaccurate: it is the <b>date</b> for the earliest written evidence of the form.
It’s called the statue of the Three Lies because it isn’t John Harvard, but only a student model; he wasn’t the founder, only the first benefactor, who donated his 400-book library; and the date is wrong (it should be 1636).
And those of any browser, race, or creed who prefer our "by date" contents page, which lists all current  Slate  articles and features in reverse chronological order--i.e.
Table 2shows some of the major series published to date on this subject.
Typically, a book's scheduled release date changes multiple times before publication.
We have described several unusual features of Rab24 that distinguish it from all other members of the Rab family studied to date [ 25 ] . Rab24 has a markedly reduced GTPase activity, due primarily to the presence of a serine residue instead of the usual glutamine at the position equivalent to Q61 in H-Ras.
Naive users--by far the majority--are bound to misinterpret the dates as meaning “when the word first appeared in the language” rather than as “the <b>date</b> of the earliest recorded evidence found (at press time).”
Indeed, in our recent investigation of clinical staff on acute care units, staff self reported that such behavioral problems were often encountered and of significant burden [ 13 ] . Yet, to date, little is known about the prevalence of agitation and behavioral problems in older patients in acute care settings.
From: R. Dupont Date: Tue Oct 26
Accordingly, except for the standard described in Chapter 8, "Current Service Assessment," the effective date of the stewardship standards as they apply to the consolidated financial report, is deferred pending that decision.
The lead at the New York Times details the launching of an organized international rescue operation, replacing the heroic but chaotic efforts to date.
KSM apparently received the date from Binalshibh in a message sent through Binalshibh's old Hamburg associate, Zakariya Essabar.
DATE: Wed Sept 29
At a later date, frozen livers, colon or tumor were thawed and homogenized individually at 4°C in 280 mM mannitol with 10 mM HEPES buffer with 0.01% BHT using a Polytron homogenizer.
Date: Mon Jan 3
KSM told him to ask Atta to select a date for the attacks.
David Plotz's "Assessment" this week is a composite portrait of Bill Clinton's dream date.
dates outside valid time frames or in an illogical progression.
DATE: Fri Sept 10
Some studies suggest that prenatal ultrasound may provide more accurate dates, even when the last menstrual period is recalled with apparent certainty.
Walk west along Hollywood Road until you come to Man Mo Temple, the island’s oldest house of worship (though the date of its founding is subject to dispute).
DATE: Tues Sept 14
Atta was to provide Binalshibh with advance notice of at least a week or two so that Binalshibh could travel to Afghanistan and report the date personally to Bin Ladin.
I didn't have a chance to have a date with him."
§ 808(2) to the 60-day delay in the effective date of a major rule normally required under the Congressional Review Act subtitle of the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996.
Date: Tue Nov 23
For dates consult Programme magazine (see page 118).
Given a reporter's name, a Web-based "information broker" tracked down his "base identifiers"--Social Security number, birth date, and address--in five minutes.
For boilers and integrated gasification combined cycle plants, this term does not include undertaking such a program or entering into such an obligation more than 36 months prior to the date on which the unit
The resulting paper, entitled "Strategy for Eliminating the Threat from the Jihadist Networks of al Qida: Status and Prospects," reviewed the threat and the record to date, incorporated the CIA's new ideas from the Blue Sky memo, and posed several near-term policy options.
1. A header section, with data elements that provides basic information about the file (creator, date created, etc.).
Available demographic variables included employee ID number, seniority information (start, termination, retirement dates, etc.), race, gender, age, disability, and various job and departmental classifications.
In either case date and time stamps were written onto each frame by the tape deck.
This file should contain a record of the sample chain-of-custody; a copy of the sample log sheet; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test(s); chemical analysis data on the sample(s); detailed records of the test organisms used in the test(s), such as species, source, age, date of receipt, and other pertinent information relating to their history and health; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments; test conditions employed; and results of reference toxicant tests.
The assumption is made under this method that every employee entered the plan (entry age) at the time of initial employment or at the earliest eligibility date, if the plan had been in existence, and that contributions have been made from the entry age to the <b>date</b> of the actuarial valuation.
Continue the 2002 start date, but assume the moderate supply and demand-side policy scenario of the Clean Energy Future (CEF) study.
[ 10 11 12 ] Patient characteristics and treatment factors were those at the date of transplant.
After the effective date of standards promulgated under subsection (b), no owner or operator shall cause any coal-fired combustion turbine that is a new affected unit to discharge into the atmosphere any gases which contain sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, particulate matter, or mercury in excess of the emission limits under subparagraphs (c)(1)(A) through (D).
However, to date, besides the transactivation activity on the HIV-1 promoter, few other effects exerted by HIV-1 Tat on cellular and viral genes has also been observed.
In those cases where the weekly intake of food/fluid could not be specified, the end of exclusive breastfeeding was set at the date of introduction of the food/fluid in question.
The suicide trucks were purchased shortly before the attack date.
the product of the units' excess emissions (in tons or, for mercury emissions, inounces) multiplied by the clearing price of sulfur dioxide allowances, nitrogen oxides allowances, or mercury allowances, as the case may be, sold at the most recent auction under section 423, 453, or 473, if within thirty days after the date on which the owner or operator was required to hold sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides allowance, or mercury allowances as the case may be-
Full evaluation of progress to date in <b>meeting</b> the goals outlined in the current state plan with an initial report to be completed by July 2001;
Of the detailed sexual practices questions, only two were asked of all adults: whether they had had any sexual relations in the two-week risk period prior to the onset date of the index case, and the number of sexual partners in the last six months.
In addition to the different technology scenarios, EPA was asked to include the assumption that utilities would begin to make cost-effective emission reductions in the five years that precede the 2007 compliance date.
In two cases seen to date, a 1 bp deletion in exon 1 (T151del) results in a frameshift, leading to incorporation of 25 new amino acids after Glu38, followed by a stop codon.
All contemporary factors were asked of cases up to or around diagnosis date and of controls, up to the <b>date</b> of interview.
By the later of January 1, 2009 or the date on which the unit commences operation, theowner or operator of each affected unit under part D shall install and operate CEMS, quality assure the data, and keep records and reports in accordance with the regulations issued under paragraph (a)(2) with regard to mercury.
In the only example to date, 5'-amino-modified 50-mers representing prokaryotic genes were compared to corresponding PCR amplicons [ 12].
The paucity of genome-wide scanning studies in the stroke literature to date is mainly due to theoretical and logistical factors that make such studies difficult to design.
What we have learned from the research to date gives us some direction as to how to implement interventions in emergency settings to reduce drinking and alcohol related risks.
According to Binalshibh, shortly after the date was chosen, he advised Essabar and another Hamburg associate, Said Bahaji, that if they wanted to go to Afghanistan, now was the time because it would soon become more difficult.
For the six cases with different diagnoses dates, we retained both records because there was a separate completed course of treatment for the cancer in each breast.
Date and time of most recent reference toxicant test, test results, and current control chart
Date and time test started
The Clear Skies Act further requires that, in addressing a petition submitted after enactment that requests a finding for any affected unit under the new trading programs, the Administrator must consider, among other factors, any emissions reductions required to occur by any applicable attainment dates for any relevant nonattainment areas.
After January 1, 1995, it shall be unlawful for any unit that is anaffected unit on that date and is of the type listed in this paragraph to emit nitrogen oxides in excess of the emission rates set by the Administrator pursuant to this paragraph.
To date, no distinct biochemical activity has been identified that can reconcile this diversity in CSN functions.
Although both total body fat and regional fat deposition could account for the association of childhood or adolescent obesity with adult disease, no studies to date have examined cardiovascular risk factors and related them to visceral fat.
President Clinton was kept up to date.
To date, however, no systematic effort has been undertaken to incorporate such benefits into the current generation of policy models.
Person-years of follow-up were computed for each cohort as the amount of time since the NHANES I examination to the date of the first of the following events: <b>date</b> of ICD-9 disease code of interest from the health care facility stay files, <b>date</b> of death from the NHEFS mortality file, or the last day of contact from the 1992 NHEFS vital status file.
These are the most prevalent of all the PRC-barrel proteins and are present in a single copy in all bacterial proteomes available to date, and also in plants in the form of a chloroplast-derived version.
We note that the interim rules have a listed effective date of January 1, 1998, which is less than the 60-day delay in the effective <b>date</b> required by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 (SBREFA).
timeliness, VBA set a national target for property holding time-the average number of months from date of acquisition to <b>date</b> of sale of properties acquired due to defaults on VA guaranteed loans-of 10 months for fiscal year 2001.
slide_test_date 
for a unit serving a generator before the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of2002, a unit in a State serving a generator with a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 megawatts that produced or produces electricity for sale during 2001 or any year thereafter, except for a cogeneration unit that produced or produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it served or serves during 2001 and each year thereafter; and
--Allowances under this subsection shall be allocated onlywith respect to kilowatt hours of electric energy saved by qualified energy conservation measures or generated by qualified renewable energy after January 1, 1992 and before the earlier of (i) December 31, 2000, or (ii) the date on which any electric utility steam generating unit owned or operated by the electric utility to which the allowances are allocated becomes subject to this subpart (including those sources that elect to become
5%) of the ~10,000 genes screened by mRNA differential display and cDNA microarrays in the cortex to date change their expression with sleep deprivation [ 45 ] . It is intriguing and encouraging that, of the initial genes we assayed, three changed their expression with sleep deprivation ( per1 , per2 , dbp ), none of which were identified in the aforementioned screens.
There have been 20 winners to date.
If the congressional requester has asked that the distribution of the report be restricted, as provided by GAO's Congressional Protocols, the 60-day period will begin on the date the report is released.
While the AIM-9X used statistical process control only to a limited extent, other factors have allowed it to have a more successful production outcome to date.
Moreover, we note that an effective date of May 22, 1997, is in all probability too late to influence spring planting decisions.
The NMCC would keep the FAA hijack coordinator up to date and help the FAA centers coordinate directly with the military.
The logs will contain initials and date of birth of the eligible stroke patients, <b>date</b> of screening, sex, and race/ethnicity.
The following information is collected on all living full siblings who return sibling response letters: name, date of birth, gender, name of the proband they are related to, twin status, home address, home phone number, e-mail address, alternative contact information, and standardized risk factor and medical history.
Moreover, the changes to date do not address all the issues raised by the accountability breakdowns.
A two-day frequency could satisfy a three-day window, but would miss many delivery <b>dates</b> for time value publications.
As in all myocilin orthologs cloned to date, rabbit myocilin contains a leucine zipper motif (aa 103 to 152) (Fig.
shall consider, among other relevant factors, emissionsreductions required to occur by the attainment date or <b>dates</b> of any relevant non-attainment areas in the other State or States; and
To date, numerous coactivator molecules have been isolated and characterized, encompassing several different families [ 3 4 ] . Most of these cofactors are expressed in a wide variety of cell types and can interact with more than one type of nuclear receptor.
Shortly before the 9/11 attacks, he would travel to Afghanistan to communicate the date for the attacks to the al Qaeda leadership.
While the rule has varying compliance dates that are much later than the announced effective <b>date</b> of the rule (some previously approved products covered by the rule have several years to become compliant with the labeling requirement), we do note
Although public attention focuses on the trust fund insolvency dates, the effect of financing Social Security and Medicare will be felt sooner as the baby boom generation begins to retire.
Unfortunately, despite our numerous attempts to reach a reasoned and reasonable accommodation on this matter, to date, the information we requested has not been made available to us.
Effective Date.
However, despite association of the factor V G1691A (factor V Leiden) and prothrombin (factor II) G20210A mutations with venous thromboembolism and myocardial infarction [ 10 11 ] , neither mutation is strongly associated with risk of stroke [ 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 ] . Although a study of British adults found elevated levels of serum homocysteine to be associated with an increased risk of stroke [ 19 ] , a case-control study of a common polymorphism (methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase [MTHFR] T677C) that results in increased serum homocysteine concentrations found no difference between patients with stroke and controls in either genotype or allele frequency [ 20 ] . Because antiplatelet agents with different mechanisms of action can bring about significant reductions in stroke risk, several platelet receptor genes have been tested as candidate stroke susceptibility genes [ 21 22 ] . To date, however, no compelling evidence for an association between any platelet receptor gene polymorphism and risk of stroke has been found.
Other than by date and time, the sessions varied only in the assignment of preceptors.
shall consider, among other relevant factors, emissionsreductions required to occur by the attainment date or <b>dates</b> of any relevant non-attainment areas in the other State or States; and
This region contains all the signature motifs and conserved residues that have been shown to be important for the fundamental steps of catalysis, including substrate binding, metal ion coordination, and interaction with the phosphate group [ 19 26 27 28 ] . It is to be noted that at 304 amino acid residues, PfPP1 is the shortest PP1 known to date, and lacks a short proline-rich stretch at the C-terminal end (Fig.
Collection dates and times
The largest mitochondrial genome discovered to date - of the protist Reclinomonas americana - codes for 97 gene products (67 proteins and 30 structural RNAs) in a span of 69,034 base pairs [ 2].
Collection date and time
§720 requires that the agency head submit a written statement of the actions taken by the agency on GAO's recommendations to the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs and the House Committee on Government Reform not later than 60 days after the date of the report.
Multiple polyadenylation sites are fairly common in plant mRNAs but this phenomenon is rare in animal genes [ 71 72 ] . Since the A. thaliana V-ATPase subunit A gene produced at least four different transcripts (all producing the same protein) and is one of two flowering plants observed to date not to have a multigene family for this subunit, experiments were designed to determine if muiti site polyadenylation might be a mechanism for gene regulation in plants.
Average number of months from date of acquisition to the sale <b>date</b> of properties acquired due to defaults on Department of Veterans Affairs' guaranteed loans.
If the Administrator grants the finding, the sources must either shut down or implement controls that the Administrator may mandate within a specified period, but no later than three years from the date of the finding.
Another approach would involve tracking changes to the estimated completion date for a system.
Evidence gathered to date indicates the presence of a single gene encoding subunit A of the vacuolar type H +-ATPase in A. thaliana.
Each record in the 1989 CCS contains the date of the observation, the 5-Digit ZIP Code in which the route is located, the route type,20 the number of pieces (by subclass and by shape) per stop, the number of possible deliveries and actual deliveries per stop, and the stop type ("single delivery residential," "multi-delivery residential," and "business-and-mixed").
To date the website contains mainly predicted binding sites, but by August 1, 2003 the goal is to integrate experimentally proven binding sites highlighted to show their significance.
The issue date and effective <b>date</b> of each statement are presented first.
Collection date(s) and time(s)
The Board notes the strength of feelings of respondents and commentators, some of whom believe a liability should be recognized for amounts that will be paid in future periods to or on behalf of current or future program beneficiaries and others who believe that there is no obligation associated with these programs that meets the definition of a liability, other than amounts due and payable at the end of an accounting period; additionally, some favor disclosure of projected data relating to the magnitude of the present value of future net benefit payments at a particular <b>date</b> while others favor cash flow information for a long period of time.
- An affected unit may not be considered a major emitting facility ormajor stationary source, or a part of a major emitting facility or major stationary source, for purposes of compliance with the requirements of part C and part D of title I. This exemption only applies to units that are either subject to the performance standards of section 481 or meet the following requirements within three years after the <b>date</b> of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002:
Who did each of the members of the NEPDG (including the Vice President as Chair) and its support staff meet with to gather information for the National Energy Policy, including the <b>date</b>, subject, and location of the meetings?
The most recent date of death was April 2000.
Patients with a billed diagnosis of influenza (medical claim with either a primary or secondary ICD-9 diagnosis code of 487) meeting the following criteria were designated as having an influenza/ILI episode for the ensuing 21 days: 1) diagnosis occurred between the beginning of October 1996 and the end of April 1997; 2) diagnosis did not occur on the <b>date</b> of a immunization for influenza; 3) diagnosis was preceded by at least one year of continuous health insurance coverage, with no gaps in coverage that exceeded 30 days; and 4) insurance coverage during the 21-day follow up period was continuous.
This information will be provided for the year ended on the balance sheet date as well as for each of the 4 years preceding that year.
For the same reason regarding the statutorily mandated effective date, the 30-day delay in the effective <b>date</b> of a rule required by 5 U.S.C.
MEMS-4 is a microelectronic device housed within a medication bottle cap that records the date and time of each opening.
Adrenalectomy has been reported to block elevations in NPY mRNA in response to fasting [ 14 ] . On the other hand, it has been reported that elevation of plasma corticosterone levels is not required for the induction of NPY mRNA by fasting [ 15 ] . In addition, the extent to which hypothalamic AGRP and POMC mRNA depends on elevated glucocorticoid levels in fasting and insulin deficiency has not been determined to date.
The melanogenic enzymes TYRP-1 and TYRP-2 are well-characterized differentiation antigens recognized by antibodies and T cells of patients with melanoma [ 16 ] . The evaluation of TYRP-1 expression in human breast lesions has not been documented to date.
dates and number of hours of leave (by type), credit hours, and compensatory hours earned and used,6
In those cases where the weekly intake of food/fluid could not be specified, the end of exclusive breastfeeding was set at the date of introduction of the food/fluid in question.
What are the actual or estimated dates for the following:
, [ 33 ] ]. Data files generated by the DAM system provides a header to identify the name of the experiment, the location of the subject in the monitoring device, the date, the number of bins and the length of the bin in minutes.
By our order of last Thursday -- the date escapes me, I think it was Thursday -- the Court denied relief in that matter.
What's the date on it?
And what was the date of the next board meeting that you believe you attended?
Date
Date
A few sentences written on the retablo express the favor granted, starting with the words “Doy gracias” or “Doy infinitas gracias a la Santisima Virgen de San Juan de los Lagos” (I give thanks, I give infinite thanks to the most holy Virgin of San Juan of the Lakes) and the reason for the retablo is written out, with the location and date <b>added</b> at the end.
Date
Total employment in U.S. textiles is projected to continue its decline, reaching 588,000 workers by 2006, with apparel down to 714,000 at the same date.
Date
Even so, use of bar codes has become the norm for apparel-makers and retailers; to date, few channel partners have failed to make this change.
If you'd like to make a donation at a later date, please indicate your pledge on the invoice and return it to us.
Susan B. Anthony had already begun her campaign for women’s suffrage, but as of the date of the Slaughterhouse opinion there was little sympathy for moving the spectrum of equality up one notch to include women as a class worthy of protection.
Your membership will keep you up to date on the newest advances in end-stage renal disease.
To date, over $50,000 has been given to scholarships or other awards for English majors, by a wide variety of donors.
And welfare reform is an uncertain solution with an unknown starting date.
Table 4shows the total, mean and median costs incurred on influenza/ILI diagnosis date and during the 21-day follow-up period, stratified by possible predictor variables.
Meanwhile, a NATO postage stamp illustrated with a dove of peace has been "rescheduled for a later date," the postal service said.
It is speculated that the starting date of the brotherhood is somewhere between 1790 and 1810.
Dates for the Moving Company's spring concert are April 27th and 28th at 8 p.m.
The Commission estimates these dates will be later than 60 days after the Federal Register publication.
Date: Mon Nov 1
The date of this other opinion is not mentioned, but Chief Justice Taney, it will be recalled, was the author of the Dred Scott opinion, which did indeed affirm that we were one [white] people and that persons descended from slaves could never become a part of it.
In our fund raising efforts to date, we have received the support of local government, foundations, and corporations as well as the personal financial commitments of individual MCCOY Board members.
Two celebrations stick to fixed dates: The Walter Spies festival in February and the summer Arts Festival, with superb performances, which is held in Denpasar in late June and early July.
Raja Jai Singh II, that scholar of the stars who dotted northern India with his collections of instruments for observing the heavens, chose an exact date for moving his capital from Amber — 17 November 1727 — as auspicious.
timeliness, VBA set a national target for property holding time-the average number of months from date of acquisition to <b>date</b> of sale of properties acquired due to defaults on VA guaranteed loans-of 10 months for fiscal year 2001.
(In a sort of Atonement Watch, the NYT runs a chronology with excerpts of the six Clinton apologies to date.)
He was arrested again, released again, and given another hearing date.
In contrast, there has been no evidence of disease progression, to date, in 42 patients treated with intra-arterial gene transfer of naked VEGF-A cDNA.
It is difficult to fix precisely the dates of the various festivals, as most of them are determined by lunar calendars which vary from year to year.
Those serving long sentences for serious crimes will be more likely to get out on their E.D.R. Earliest Date of Release, which is their sentence less a third taken off for good behavior.
Studies have shown that the sitosterolemic patients hyperabsorb all sterols (cholesterol and phytosterols) and fail to excrete phytosterols into bile [ 3 4 5 6 7 ] . Positional mapping of the STSL locus to human chromosome 2p21 led to the identification of two genes, ATP binding cassette (ABC) half-transporters G5 and G8 that were mutated in affected individuals [ 8 9 10 11 12 ] . The protein products of these two genes (sterolin-1 and sterolin-2 respectively) are thought to form heterodimers to constitute a functional transporter, based primarily on the genetic evidence that affected individuals are either completely mutated in sterolin-1 or sterolin-2, but not both [ 12 ] . More recently, evidence from in vitro expression of these proteins has been presented that these two proteins co-immunoprecipitate, supporting this conclusion [ 13 ] . ABCG5 and ABCG8 appear to be present in all mammalian genomes examined to date and are highly conserved between species, indicating that these genes may have a similar function in other species.
President Clinton's most detailed public comment to date about the UPS strike along with some signs of progress in the negotiations is today's news leader.
The Commission also changed the effective date of the letter stamping requirement from the effective <b>date</b> of the Report and Order to April 1, 1997, to give importers and manufacturers time to make equipment changes.
However, the dates may be off by an average of only 3 days.
To date there have been at least 20 reports on the application of CGH to HCC [ 11, 12, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32].
, and the movie producers (How to write the copyright date at the end of the credits?)
The inner sanctum of the temple was aligned so that the first rays of the sun on 21 February and 21 October would fall on the sacred barque deposited here and on the statues of four gods (Ptah, Amun, Ramses II, and Ra-Herekhty), though scholars are still not sure what was so propitious about these dates.
Date: Wed Dec 1
Similarly, information on whom individual NEPDG members and staff met with and the <b>dates</b> and subjects of the meetings would be relevant in confirming that meetings with members of the public did not trigger FACA.
A book's reported copyright date is essentially meaningless.
50, with such prices adjusted for inflation based on the Consumer Price Index on the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 and annually thereafter,
Date: Mon Jan 24
As this work is not mentioned in Contemporary English: Word Lists, one must assume that its existence was unknown to the author; but that should not put off those who have need of a list that is not only more up to date but is also more selective and, on the grounds of frequency, probably more useful.
To date, biochemical analysis of NFATp and other NFAT members has been conducted using only portions and not the full-length versions of these proteins.
The Chinese spin: President Jiang Zemin made no mention of the date's significance but stressed the importance of "stability above all else."
The effective date of the standard in Chapter 8 is for fiscal periods beginning after September 30, 1997.
They are perhaps the most photographed symbol of Delos, and are believed to date from the seventh century b.c.
"People were calling it Year 2000, CDC [Century Date Change], Faddle [Faulty <b>Date</b> Logic]," Eddy says.
Atta replied that he could not yet provide a date because he was too busy organizing the arriving hijackers and still needed to coordinate the timing of the flights so that the crashes would occur simultaneously.
The commentary is in English, French, German, or Turkish, in rotation — check the notice by the benches for the date of the next performance in English.
Date: Fri Oct 29
Disease-free survival was determined as the differences between time zero (date of first treatment) and the <b>date</b> of first recurrence.
All that is captured, of course, is Berkowitz's ambition to put himself in your face: He comes out of 20 Dates with a trophy fiancee and a feature film in major release, but absolutely no insight into dating, love, or human chemistry.
HCFA staff advised that after submission of the rule to OMB, HCFA made changes to its discussion of the rule's effective date, which OMB also approved.
The Old Town, with its narrow, sloping streets and early 18th-century buildings, each marked with the date it was built and the names and occupations of the original owners, is worth exploring.
Date: Wed Jan 19
Nonetheless, results support findings from a number of studies and are consistent with findings from the two largest studies to date: those from the Nurses' Health Study [ 4 ] and the study of breast cancer in Finland [ 9 ] . In addition, our findings are in accordance with those of a meta-analysis of 15 case-control studies [ 16 ] .
This area has a secluded sense of privacy; however, to date, it offers little in the way of dining, shopping, or nightlife outside the hotels.
Here is how, in the novel, Adele August describes to her teen-age daughter Ann her first date with Dr. Spritzer (the scene in the movie is nearly identical):
(Too, our locals refer unashamedly to nigger hair which, to date, I cannot.)
Indie auteur Hal Hartley's least mandarin and most likable film to date.
Movie -- 20 Dates ;
Date: Mon Oct 11
In the pages of The Rules , men are a barely individualized collection of amiable dolts, but the Rules Girl is a particular social type--and it isn't the choosy free spirit lectured in such anti-feminist self-help books as Smart Women, Foolish Choices . The woman depicted as in need of the Rules is a voracious doormat, the sort of woman who sends men Hallmark greeting cards or long letters after a single date, who rummages in men's drawers and pockets, suggests couples therapy when brief relationships start to crumble, throws away a new boyfriend's old clothes, cleans (and redecorates) his apartment without asking, and refuses to see the most obvious signs of disengagement.
The Y2K bug is a very bad bug; the one tiny decision about how to express dates can bring a whole program to a screeching halt.
At the base of the Aventine, a postwar park has been named the Parco della Resistenza dell'Otto Settembre , commemorating the heroic action against the Nazis there on that date in 1943 by the Italian partisans.
Date: Tue Oct 26
You would, however, receive an affectionate reception if you were a domestic animal--sorry again, the term preferred by animal lovers is "date."
Unlike on the Net, people in 12 step groups often get to know each other outside--they go out for coffee, become friends (for a while AA was a big date scene, maybe it still is).
So more complicated ideas have been proposed: retinal scans or numbers made from such personal information as date of birth and the latitude and longitude of one's hometown.
He also had "the best date of my life!"
If you were to walk past him on the street, you might think that a man of his small stature might have some trouble getting dates and be rather bitter about it.
Date rape?
"Date rape is bad."
The Globe , however, looks to the Fates to explain her win, calling in two numerologists to mull over Lucci's birth date, the cosmic significance of the year 1999, and the importance of the number 19 in her life.
(The official site includes a list of helpful dating tips, such as "Don't be afraid to eat in front of your date."
[As far as the English quotation is concerned, one would expect it to be traceable to the Tyndale or King James Version, not scripture of a date nearly a millennium earlier.
Last year, more than 33,000 defendants posted bail and then skipped their court date . Most bail-jumpers face charges on drug-related crimes, violent offenses, or theft.
"Oh, come on," my date insisted.
At $500 a car, the total cost (to the consumer--not the car companies, who pass the cost along) of installing even one air bag in each of the 35 million-plus cars now so equipped is about $18 billion, to date, and the cost per life saved is close to $16 million.
I may be prejudiced because I share Greider's political point of view, but I think this is the best book to date on the perils of the new world economic order.
Date: Thu Sept 30
In one scene, ripped off from My Left Foot (1989), Max gets drunk in the course of a celebratory dinner and insults the teacher's date: "I have a hit play.
The authors collected dates from a wide variety of sources, but apparently did not establish firm rules to decide among disputed <b>dates</b>.
But then in the 12 th century, an obscure Cistercian monk, Joachim of Fiore, developed a powerful and original theology (three books, including the Expositio in Apocalypsim ), which put eschatology into history . (As the Marxist Ernst Bloch said: "Joachim was the first to set a date for the kingdom of God, for the communist kingdom."
Meanwhile, a NATO postage stamp illustrated with a dove of peace has been "rescheduled for a later date," the postal service said.
Date: Wed Nov 3
But on the basis of evidence to date, we can say:
To give “1604” as the date for lemonade after giving “15c” as the <b>date</b> for lemon might give one the impression that it took Englishmen about 200 years to find out how to make lemonade (or what to name what they got when they squeezed a lemon and mixed the juice with water and sugar).
One can, for example, read all the exchanges to <b>date</b> without knowing what either writer means by the word "God."
DATE: Fri Oct 8
Date: Sun Nov 21
20 Dates
Date: Tues Nov 2
It reports that the investigation that led to the charges against Kite was initiated by the base chaplain, and that Mrs. Kite's mental health records and even the date of her last menstrual cycle have been entered into evidence.
Perhaps USA Today could start a regular feature: "On This Day in (fill in date), Larry King Said ..."
In one of the most scathing reviews of Norman Mailer's Jesus book to date, The Nation 's Mary Gordon asks: "How can someone who has published so much, some of it admirable, have written such a bad book?
Anecdotal evidence shows that most passwords are birth dates of family members, maiden names, favorite sports teams--things that are easy to guess.
When you come back the next time, your computer sends that date back to ours.
Date: Thu Sept 30
A new flame may break a date, but try to be forgiving."
Date: Wed Dec 22
Although the novelist might be able to render well all sorts of facts and dates and general furniture, she could never truthfully render the "old consciousness."
And, to pick another hypothetical example, if Monica Lewinsky has told Linda Tripp's tape recorder that she, Monica, had phone sex with the president on December 3 after buying a copy of Vox , isn't Starr permitted to try to support the accuracy of those taped recollections by finding out if Lewinsky actually bought the book around that date?
A boy's best friend is his dog, I retorted, but I can't see myself asking Jessie out on a date, can you?
Date: Thu Dec 9
I think it is silly to think of a backlash against a woman who has, to date, sold no more than 25,000 copies of any of her books.
The quotations are listed in rather haphazard order under these subcategories; authors (including rare attributions to the most popular, Anon.) are ascribed and, if they are dead, their dates are sometimes given (but none for Lenny Bruce, Sigmund Freud, Samuel Goldwyn, Groucho Marx, etc.); it is hard to understand the style.
He films a series of dates, sometimes secretly.
Having first transformed yourself (Rule 1) into "a creature unlike any other"--radiant, confident, fashionable, mysterious, elusive, quiet, and, if necessary, nose-jobbed--don't talk to a man first (2) or too much (3), don't go Dutch (4) or sleep with him on the first date (14), don't call him and rarely return his calls (5), always end phone calls (6) and <b>dates</b> (11) first, and never accept a Saturday night <b>date</b> after Wednesday (7).
Via Venti Settembre `20th of September Street' illustrates the Italian propensity for naming streets after historic dates, in this case the <b>date</b> of the breach in the ancient fortification wall of Rome, through which Italian troops stormed the city to bring the Risorgimento to an end.
And, even at this late date, there's plenty of cold-weather gear available.
Current Chancellor Helmut Kohl showed grave concern, but the Morgenpost notes that "a lot can happen before Sept. 27," the date of the general election.
Unmade Beds might make a good date movie.
Among other things, he is missing the name of the judge who supposedly let Bush off, the name of the arresting officer, the police station, the date and circumstances of the arrest.
I am inclined to question the accuracy about the terms known to have arisen in the 20th century, for I found quite a few of much earlier date, but that can scarcely be an adverse criticism.
There have been ups (like the time when we had a mailing service that kept adding new and renewing subscribers' names and addresses without removing the old ones, leading us not only into a state of euphoria contemplating our 20,000 paid subscribers but, at the same time, into near bankruptcy paying the attendent increased printing and postage costs without the expected revenues); and, of course, there have been downs (like falling behind so far in the publishing schedule that we changed the <b>dates</b> of the issues from May, September, December, March to Summer, Autumn, Winter, Spring (as in Of Thee I Sing! ), and the dismay and disappointment at the down-marketing of The New Yorker , once a stalwart—if expensive—source of new subscribers, now—still expensive—catering to the pretentious philistine market).
He calls on the top nature magazines and TV shows to pick a date and refuse to purchase any photos taken after that.
His birthday is next week (ironically, on the same date as my mother, who passed away 16 years ago) and that's all he can talk about.
(For more on the band, check out this site, which has photographs, lyrics, and a list of tour dates.)
To be sure, if one is going to spend $18 or so, the dictionary selected ought to be the most up to date and have the largest number of entries, a bit of reasoning not <b>lost</b> on the crowd at Random House.
But the most interesting parole-reinvention idea I've encountered to date comes from Martin Horn, formerly head of New York State's parole authority and presently commissioner of prisons in Pennsylvania.
Her attempt to correlate one variable--the date of passage of a tax cut or increase--with GDP is not serious stuff.
Quoting "sources in Washington," the Independent 's Jerusalem correspondent, Patrick Cockburn, said planners considered this the optimum date for attack, because by then 1) the United States would have three carriers in the Gulf and 2) the United States and Britain would be able to say they had given ample time for diplomatic moves by Russia and France to bear fruit.
Also, we must have the name of the periodical or call letters of the radio or TV station and the date of perpetration.
Though the exact date of their birth is uncertain, team nicknames originnated in the United States sometime before the Civil War.
Date: Sat Oct 23
They approach a presidential candidate the way a woman approaches a date.
Date: Wed Dec 22
At some point, my date appeared and said it was time to go.
From: Kathryn Ryder Date: Fri Oct 22
This pair falls plumb in the middle of the Jooky target group: no dates, no sun, no sand.
Date: Tue Oct 12
In most states, a bondsman must return the skip within a year of the missed court date to recover his deposit.
The larger dramatic truth is that Michael has lots of trouble getting dates and is very bitter about it.
Date: Wed Nov 10
Date: Mon Jan 3
DATE REFERENCE TO dark REFERENCE TO death 1937 the darkest valley eliminated 1964 valley of dense darkness eliminated 1966 a gloomy valley eliminated 1966 in total darkness eliminated 1969 a valley of deepest darkness eliminated 1969 Nothing lurking in the dark ravine eliminated 1969 the valley of darkness eliminated 1970 a valley dark as death 1970 dark valley eliminated 1971 valley of deep darkness eliminated 1976 valley of the darkness of death 1976 a valley overshadowed by death 1977 the valley of death 1982 the valley of deepest darkness eliminated 
DATE: Thu Oct 7
John McCain turned in what I thought was his worst debate performance to date.
Each entry contains a definition (occasionally two or more) followed by one or more lengthy, dated citations, plus a date, often different, of the earliest citation on file for each sense.
One counts the days to one's P.E.D. Parole Earliest Date: jam roll parole is available after a third of a sentence has been served.
This "was proved false even before his book's publication date by the war between NATO and Serbia (where the Belgrade McDonald's franchises were promptly vandalized)."
We have posted a full week's worth of material today (post date July 23) and will resume our full publishing schedule a week from Monday (Aug.
Date: Thu Jan 20
In other words, if one does not know the date of the Flushing Remonstrance no amount of thinking, soul-searching, calculation, or any other mental activity is going to yield the correct response to the question, “What was the <b>date</b> of the Flushing Remonstrance?”
(The girls were slipping out to mail their entry to a "Win a Date With Bobby Sherman" contest.)
Confronting his mother's liberal Jewish date (Elliott Gould) at the dinner table, he drives home the point that Rodney King was a multiple felon high on PCP who could easily have run over a child before the Los Angeles cops stopped him on the highway.
Asked a factual question, he was helpless, ignorant of the date, of where he lived.
And welfare reform is an uncertain solution with an unknown starting date.
Under current rules, the date of manufacture is optional.
Although renewals will certainly be accepted after that date, as will new members, annual benefits will have been reduced by more than four months.
Date: Mon Nov 29
Historians agree with the mythmakers that the site and traditional founding date of 753 b.c. are just about right.
The dictionary section contains dates (where applicable), etymologies, and descriptive definitions.
Oops--gotta run to a lunch date with my boss.
However, most studies to date have focused on specific outcomes, such as needs, burden, and emotional distress rather than on a more comprehensive evaluation of QOL outcomes.
As we agreed with your staff, unless you publicly announce the contents of this report earlier, we plan no further distribution of it until 30 days from the date of this letter.
Nonetheless, the available literature to date does not support a survival benefit for this therapy.
The transesterification domains of these eukaryotic enzymes have high degrees of identity to E. coli DNA topoisomerase III [ 7 37 ] . However, the decatenation loop is not present in the eukaryotic topoisomerase III sequences and to date the decatenation activity has not been demonstrated for these enzymes.
Your inquiry seeks clarification of INS' compliance with the 60-day delay in the effective date of a major rule from the latter of the <b>date</b> of publication or receipt in Congress required by section 801(a)(3) of title 5 of the United States Code.
Ninety-five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated each year under Section 423 will be allocated based on the amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated under the Acid Rain Program for 2010 and thereafter and that are held in allowance accounts in the Allowance Tracking System on the date 180 days after enactment.
One company emphasized that if a major milestone is delayed, an appropriate adjustment should be made to the end date of the program, thereby avoiding compressing the time allotted for the rest of product development and managing the risks that subsequent milestones will be missed.
- (1) After the effective date of standards promulgated under subsection (b),no owner or operator shall cause any gas-fired combustion turbine that is a new affected unit to discharge into the atmosphere any gases which contain nitrogen oxides in excess of:
(2) By the later of January 1, 2009 or the date on which the unit commences operation, theowner or operator of each affected unit under subpart 2 of part B shall install and operate CEMS, quality assure the data, and keep records and reports in accordance with the regulations issued under paragraph (a)(2) with regard to sulfur dioxide, opacity, and volumetric flow.
To date, several disruption attempts, using several different disruption constructs, have been made for ifkB . However, no disruptions have been obtained, indicating that perhaps the ifkB gene is essential.
The word colophon has undergone several metamorphoses since its earliest appearance in the 17th century: it originally referred to the inscription at the end of a book identifying its basic bibliographic information, that is, title, author, subject, publisher, date and place of publication, in other words, the information today found on the title page.
I prefer to describe my other dates as "having plans."
The piece warns that May 4, 1999, when Arafat has vowed to declare an independent Palestinian state, could be the launch date for a brutal war.
A preliminary evaluation of Phase I, currently under way, has found that most users are happy with the overall implementation of the technology plan to date and believe that it has significantly improved their program's capacity and their own individual capacity to serve clients.
The calculations had to be modified to include the 438 persons in the second African American cohort, who have been followed only 4 years to date.
For each case, we determined the CD4 +count closest to the date of cryptosporidiosis diagnosis.
In response to inquiries from the media about ongoing work, GAO will provide information only about the objectives, scope, and methodology of a review; the source of the work (mandate, name of congressional requester(s), or legal authority allowing GAO to undertake work on its own initiative that is intended to support the Congress); and the expected completion date.
for a unit serving a generator before the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of2002, a coal-fired unit in a State serving a generator with a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 megawatts that produced or produces electricity for sale during 2001 or any year thereafter, except for a cogeneration unit that produced or produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it served or serves during 2001 and each year thereafter; and
By no later than the third year after the effective date of this standard, managers of the investment program should be able to provide information on the outcomes for the programs for which the investments are reported.
To date, LSC has never taken action against programs that have continued to represent alien clients after they have left the United States.
The next day, the CIA representative told the CSG that al Qaeda members believed the upcoming attack would be "spectacular," qualitatively different from anything they had done to date.
To date, SAEM has not agreed to a separate category.
According to KSM, Bin Ladin had been urging him to advance the date of the attacks.
This phenomenon, called protein splicing, was first discovered about a decade ago in the Saccharomyces cerevisiae V-ATPase catalytic subunit A [ 6 7 ] . Intein excision depends on the splicing domain of the intein and the first amino acid residue of the C-extein [ 8 ] . The inteins known to date are between 134 and 608 amino acids long, and they have been reported from all three domains of life: eukaryotes, eubacteria and archaea.
In Georgia, litigation involving federal labor laws protecting farmworkers may take up to two or three years to resolve from the date of violation.
As a result of comments from groups representing persons with hearing disabilities and the Office of Management and Budget, the Commission modified its date stamp proposal in the Report and Order.
Four strategies have been advanced for improving the practices of retail pharmacies in developing countries: information, persuasion, incentives and coercion [ 13 ] . To date, very few interventions to change retailer behaviours through persuasion (or any other means) have been systematically introduced and evaluated [ 14 ] . One intervention for pharmacy attendants in Kenya and Indonesia, called "face to face educational outreach," resulted in significant short-term improvements in diarrhoeal product sales and communication with customers on diarrhoea treatment [ 15 ] . Other studies have indicated that job aids tailored to the needs of the target audience can positively affect performance [ 16 ] .
To date, no report has been published on the presence of dynein at the molecular level.
We hope that you send your response to us as soon as possible because if you fail to respond until the expiry date of the foremost package, we may refer the package to the West Africa Commission for Welfare as the package those not have a return address..
Tortured many times during his 8-year imprisonment, Stockdale lived without any prisoner's rights, no set release date and no certainty as to whether he would ever again see his family.
All he can talk about, for a change, is how excited he is to be actually taking me on a date.
Wouldn't want you to be late for your date with Eeedddwwwinnnn.
It almost makes me forget that I am actually going on a date with someone else after this.
I have been saving this blue dress for formal date and I guess now is the time to bring it out.
She moved slowly through the crowd of chattering teenagers, barely hearing the squeals of glee over having a date for friday or who bench pressed more weight.
Two cohorts were followed, one with 7 years of follow-up (n = 5,201) and the second (all African American, n = 687) with 4 years of follow-up to date.
The calculations had to be modified to include the 438 persons in the second African American cohort, who have been followed only 4 years to date.
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study, one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy (barring contraindications) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome: First, the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second, as evidenced by MIRACL, these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome; Third, the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally, although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome (excepting total :HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore, data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus, to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo, and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
Since the West relies more heavily upon hydroelectric power= =20 than other regions, reserves are particularly important, owing to the=20 unpredictability of the weather and the dry year the West has experienced t= o=20 date.
I have attached my resume to help bring you up to date on my career.
10 days are more than enough to give advance warning of a change in location or date, had the NRA really wanted to.
This is naive to the extreme -- Heston would not be president of the NRA if he was not kept up to date on the most prominent cases of gun violence.
Published 10 times a year, each issue is crammed with dates and detailed descriptions of AMC activities.
Please destroy your old card and begin using your new card as of the “valid date” printed on your new card.
Cycle Date You can time your statement and payments to coincide with convenient times of the month by choosing your billing cycle date.
Cycle Date You can time your statement and payments to coincide with convenient times of the month by choosing your billing cycle date.
Our analysis to date suggests that it could increase consumers' electricity rates by as much as 50%, which we believe is unacceptable.
Tom -- thanks so much for keeping us all up to date and informed regarding this silly...
Password will be communicated at a later date to the contact.
My own perceptions of this committee's work to date follow.
Date with destiny: After Vanderbilt opens with Georgia Tech, the Commodores will play host to Furman, which is Johnson's former team and a Division I-AA powerhouse.
September 19, 1977 is a date that few people in Youngstown, Ohio will ever forget.
On that date Jennings Lambeth, president of Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company, announced that most of the steel company’s Campbell Works would close.
The events that would follow this date (known as Black Monday) are seen by the people who witnessed them either as stories of great courage and determination or as monuments to human failure and false hope.
Section 3623(a) directs the Postal Service to file a request with the Postal Rate Commission for a recommended decision on establishing a mail classification schedule within two years of the Reorganization Act's effective date.
We confirmed another tour date today, go Leicester.
reading 'atlas shrugged' Diagnostic Center Open@MRH - url listening to music New Tour Date today...
configuring a proftpd server :) Nintendo sets firm dates for Wii MotionPlus and Wii Sport Resort: Nintendo has finally settled on a concrete dat..
ariels Most Popular Short Stubby Black Aerial VW Audi BMW Mini: &#163;3.90 End Date: Saturda..
This great offer is available on select sail dates from January through March 2001, you can sail between Istanbul and Barcelona, Rome and Athens, or Athens and Istanbul.
Cruise rates start as low as $599 for an outside cabin on select sail dates, and all offer the option of your 3rdr and 4th passengers cruising free!
Price shown is for an outside cabin on select sail dates and new bookings only.
Price is per person, based on double occupancy, for cruise only, may vary by sail date, and requires full payment at the time of purchase.
Walk west along Hollywood Road until you come to Man Mo Temple, the island’s oldest house of worship (though the date of its founding is subject to dispute).
The FBI's domestic intelligence gathering dates from the 1930s.
In our fund raising efforts to date, we have received the support of local government, foundations, and corporations as well as the personal financial commitments of individual MCCOY Board members.
I am not familiar with the dates for the building project.
And, honestly, I thought that maybe it would set me into labor because of, you know, being angry, and at that point in time I was past my due date, in addition to caring about my children's education and everything I said previously.
The dates run together after a while.
In one of thousands of articles about O. J. Simpson, in The New York Times Judge Ito was quoted as saying, in response to a request that the trial date be moved ahead, that   [I]t was too late to move the <b>date</b> back.
Date
Date: Tue Dec 14
Almost all publications on Chicanos and Mexicanos up to that date had been written by Anglo American sociologists or anthropologists, and the few published Hispano scholars, such as Aurelio Espinosa and Arthur Campa, were only known within a narrow circle of folklore specialists.
As of this date, we have received commitments for approximately forty percent of our goal to the Timothy J. O'Leary Periodontal Endowment Fund.
To determine the differential, we first averaged the workday (9 a.m. to 5 p.m.) CO 2 concentration and subtracted the average CO 2 concentration 1 a.m. - 3 a.m. measured on the same date by the same monitor.
A California folklore journal first carried an article about it in 1942, and a Chicano version appears in Miller’s narrative collection from Los Angeles with a date of 1939.
Het Rembrandthuis has, as a neighbor, one of the most up to date attractions in the city.
Born in northern New Mexico on May 16, 1894 (although some sources give her birth date as 1898), Fabiola Cabeza de Baca became a famous home economist, teacher, folklorist, and writer.
It reports Willis' latest philandering was retaliation for her "dates" with, who else?
The C-terminus strong conservation leads to the assumption that all the related genes derive by duplication events from a common ancestor, but the identity of this ancestral gene and the date of expansion can only be hypothesized.
She died in her eighty-third year, and though only her name and dates adorn her headstone, I often think of inscribing an addendum: A little advice goes a long way.
On 1 December 1640 — a date still celebrated as Portugal’s Restoration Day — Spanish rule was finally completely overthrown.
Pilgrimages are held on the 13th of every month, with the most important observances on that date in May and October.
Prince Géza, his great-grandson, embraced Christianity, and on the legendary date of Christmas Day a.d. 1000, Géza’s son, Steven (István), later St. Stephen (Szent István), was crowned the first king of Hungary in the city of Esztergom, situated on the Danube Bend.
Thus, 660 b.c. is still the official date celebrated nationwide.
Consult a newspaper for dates and times of games.
When King Louis V refused to come to their aid against Moorish raiders, the counts of Barcelona declared their independence in 988, a date celebrated as Catalonia’s birth as a nation-state.
Most surprising is the fact that the bedchamber is on the first floor rather than on the second; upper-floor bedrooms became fashionable only at a later date.
Check with the Tourist Board for dates of ceremonial occasions, all of which happen frequently.
Much academic debate surrounds the exact date of the Trojan War, if indeed it ever took place.
Please check with the Egyptian Tourist Board (see page tk) for exact festival dates in the year that you are traveling.
Look for the Indonesian Directorate of Tourism’s annual Calendar of Events, which is published in Bali and gives dates and locations of temple festivals.
A fuller list of events and information on precise dates can be obtained from the Portuguese Tourist Board or its web site <www.portugal.org> (see page 169).
Crowds flock here to take in the bright yet delicate hues of cherry blossoms in spring or the blaze of red and gold maple leaves in autumn, with special night-time illuminations (check at any tourist office for dates and times).
Initially the Fringe consisted of several small theater companies that were not included in the official festival program but nevertheless decided to hold performances on the same dates.
Date: Wed Dec 1
To date, the U.S. government has not been able to determine the origin of the money used for the 9/11 attacks.
The evidence satisfied me that neither the full moon nor the inauspicious date threatened my night.
For linking purposes, we use special study-specific codes, rather than medical record numbers, Social Security numbers, or an easily decoded combination of initials and birth dates.
Approximate dates -2002/ 6 November; 2003/ 27 October; 2004/ 15 October; 2005/ 9 October; 2006/ 24 September; 2007/ 13 September; 2008/ 2 September.
I have not done a careful comparison among the various usage/style manuals to see what Hook might have that others do not, but I get the feeling that his work is very much up to date.
To date, JFMIP has issued (1) the FrameworkforFederalFinancial ManagementSystems(not shown in Figure 1) and (2) systems requirements for the core financial system and 7 of the 16 other systems identified in the architecture.
There are no known studies to date that specifically study the effects of temperature dependent electrical properties on the dosimetric and heat transfer profiles surrounding ablation probes [ 19 20 ] . Perhaps the greatest reason for assuming constant electrical properties is the enormous computational advantage of being able to separate the electromagnetic and heat transfer problems.
The Arizona date was hastily scheduled in response to a request from George W. Bush, who missed the first three debates.
In order to bid for allowances included in the auction, a person shall submit, and theAdministrator must receive by the date three business days before the auction, one or more offers to purchase a specified amount of such allowances at a specified price on a sealed bid schedule to be provided by the Administrator.
She is always there, never silent, as we feel men and women opening up to her, trusting her, bonding with her, so much so that months and years later, they continue to call and bring her up to date on their lives and their troubles.
Average number of months from date of acquisition to the sale <b>date</b> of properties acquired due to defaults on Department of Veterans Affairs' guaranteed loans.
Although differential expression of every gene has not yet been tested under every stress condition, of the more than 700 genes tested to date, roughly 90% have exhibited differential expression by either northern blotting or DNA microarray analysis (see Additional data files), each of which has different sensitivity limitations.
Date: Tue Oct 26
-Not later than twenty-four months after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002, and not later than every four years thereafter, the Administrator shall provide a peer reviewed report to the Congress on the costs, benefits, and effectiveness of emission reduction programs under this title.
Dates and architects for some buildings are listed, but others are mysteriously omitted.
Of these, 3621 patients had valid dates for starting dialysis in 1996.
Estimates of his date of birth vary by well over a century.
It is just curious that what one might assume to be a fairly obvious coinage cannot be documented to an earlier date.
In an attempt to balance the interests, the Commission has decided to retain the sunset date of 2005 as the <b>date</b> after which licensees would not have to pay relocation costs to incumbents but decided that incumbents would not convert to secondary status until and unless an emerging technology licensee required use of the spectrum, regardless of the sunset <b>date</b>.
The park’s name alludes to the date, 1 December 1640, when Portugal’s independence from Spain was restored (see page 18).
In one ad, a player goes out on a date, and her teammates tag along.
Questionnaire items pertinent to this report included detailed residential and school histories before age 21 years (such as location, ownership or rental, and dates in and out), highest level of schooling; total time of residence in Marin and other parts of the San Francisco Bay Area throughout the lifetime; ethnicity; childhood religion; parents' highest level of education and occupational characteristics at subject's age 5, 12, and 18 years; other measures of family's socioeconomic conditions including self-assessed socioeconomic status currently and before age 21 years; ages at menarche and menopause, and menopausal status; alcohol use and tobacco use and exposures; reproductive and breastfeeding history; family history of breast cancer; type and ages of use of female hormones; previous non-breast cancers; breast and cervical cancer screening practices; breast procedures; radiation treatments before breast cancer; and body weight and height at various times in life not including the times that the woman was pregnant or nursing or during the first 6 months after pregnancy.
Their latest is to fix a date for abolition of the tax code--the idea being that it would force sweeping reform (details to follow).
As we arranged with your offices, unless you publicly announce this letter's contents earlier, we plan no further distribution of it until 30 days after the date of this letter.
For example, W shows for leeway the date 1669; from my experience with even above-average users, that is usually taken to mean that 1669 was the first time that leeway appeared in English: one day it did not exist; the next, Presto!
Date and time test terminated
The date is now a rallying cry and public holiday, and the barracks have been converted into a school and museum.
Yet in the Genesis text--unlike in control texts such as a Hebrew translation of War and Peace --the rabbis appeared on average closer to their own dates than to the others'.
Datatype: Date (YYYY-MM-DD)
Building commenced around 1900 b.c., with remains from that date seen around the east wing.
Date: Thu Sept 30 
To date, heterozygous inactivation of any of the other tumor suppressor genes implicated in breast cancer, including P53, Brca1, Brca2 , and Rb , has failed to cooperate with Wnt-1 in promoting the appearance of mammary tumors [reviewed in ref.
Date: Tue Dec 28
Date: Wed Dec 1
Via Venti Settembre `20th of September Street' illustrates the Italian propensity for naming streets after historic dates, in this case the <b>date</b> of the breach in the ancient fortification wall of Rome, through which Italian troops stormed the city to bring the Risorgimento to an end.
Also, the date given for the adjective lemon (as in lemon flavor, lemon <b>color</b> ) would draw one to the conclusion that those retarded speakers of the language needed some 300 years to use the noun as a modifier.
MoMA's coy refusal to identify the subjects of the portraits (wall panels give title, date, and medium) suggests that their identities don't matter, even while first-name titles imply that they do--that intimacies are being explored and revealed.
These not only offer excellent protection from hearing loss, but also from noisy theatergoers and inane movie dates.
Oh, and regarding your last letter's comment about Gore pinning Bradley to the floor and lying on top of him, its a good idea, but somehow I don't think it'd work, because that's obviously what Tipper's been doing to Al herself since their first teen-age (but presumably non-rock 'n' roll concert) date.
when and how the word entered our language, including the date that it first appeared and its source or relatives in other languages 
[ The Modern Language Quarterly , date unknown, 1903 or 1904.]
The adverb back still means in, to, or toward a past time, and the adjective back is still defined as of a past date; not current; but I continually find examples of backward writing.
"We've seen nothing to date," says Marc Ryan, AdRelevance's director of media research.
To test whether the Genesis ELS were intentional, Doron Witztum and co-authors Yoav Rosenberg and Rips used a computer to search Genesis for ELS containing the names of famous rabbis and their dates of birth or death.
Personal names as well as political events or dates function in symphony titles.
Thus, a great date becomes a <b>date</b> great . Mirror types are somewhat rare, seldom have new meaning, and usually are uninteresting.
Not to quibble over two years, but Frommer's could have checked the Chicago Public Library's timeline or the other guidebooks, which list the correct date as 1779.
There are, says the paper, nine such problematic dates this year.
Date: Wed Dec 15
The first is a blend of the headwords and definitions from the three manuscripts (Hartley's, Thirty-five's 1950 compilation, and Thirty-five's revision), indicating by date which manuscript is being used.
(Presumably they could rule out a really hot date.)
DATE: Tue Sept 21
Forbes, on the other hand, would repeal the surcharge, which has helped provide wiring and Internet service for thousands of schools and libraries to date.
Date: Wed Nov 10
To find the day of the week on which that date fell, first divide 1947 by 4: the answer is 486 (with a remainder of 3, which should be ignored); <b>add</b> this number: 1947 + 486 = 2433 .
DATE: Mon Sept 27
"People were calling it Year 2000, CDC [Century Date Change], Faddle [Faulty <b>Date</b> Logic]," Eddy says.
is received with profound indifference’ and that “the hardest words of lay critics from Swift to date ...
Let's not forget that Clinton rescheduled the China trip to coincide with the expected Paula Jones trial date, points out Hume.
Date: Fri Jan 14
The masochistic fascination of 20 Dates is something that the makers of EdTV can only dream about, but I wouldn't exactly call it entertainment; I found myself wanting to apologize on behalf of obnoxious heterosexual Jewish men the world over.
Politics and volunteer work and books are just ways to keep busy between dates.
Date: Wed Dec 8
Names, dates, and facts abound, but Asch remains elusive."
Date: Tue Jan 4
Date: Fri Dec 17
A variation on the theory that democracies don't go to war with each other, the golden arches hypothesis was proved false even before his book's publication date by the war between NATO and Serbia (where the Belgrade McDonald's franchises were promptly vandalized).
Of course Slate does retain the right to swallow up America Online at some future date.
Spending the day this way raises a question not addressed in any of the coverage to date: How come it's ok for lawyers to do all these dry runs?
Sex first, stupidity second, drugs third--a reverse of the usual order on date night.
Date: Thurs Nov 18
Lawrence draws large spirals composed of hundreds of calendar dates ("12/2/95, 12/7/95, 1/1/96, 1/5/96," etc.), arranged, we're told, according to a Mayan counting system.
Do you think a girl should go to his or to her apartment on a first date?
To read two weeks of cartoons, I would have to click on each cartoon's <b>date</b> and wait for that <b>image</b> to download.
Still, the effect of seeing the Y2K date roll across the globe brought out the Kumbaya spirit in me.
Date: Wed Dec 15
That, clearly, would have produced a date nearly a millennium earlier, for it is a quote from the New Testament (I Timothy, 6:10, KJV).
The 1983 edition of Webster's Ninth New Collegiate introduced the practice of giving, in the etymologies, “dates of earliest occurrence,” data presumably derived from the Oxford English Dictionary (for, while Merriam and Random House maintained a citation file for the tracking of new words and senses, there was no point in duplicating work done long ago by Murray, et al.)
Most of his previous Jesuitical initiatives--against jaywalking, speeding, gridlock, and the failure to wear seatbelts, among others--have been announced well in advance, so that notice was served that as of a certain date, things were going to be different.
Date: Wed Dec 1
Climb like a cucumber, fall like an aubergine; Stretch your feet only as far as your blanket allows; No tree has reached the sky; The foot that is too swift must be cut off; He who eats the Sultan's raisins must give him dates, or, put another way, A man without cunning is like an empty matchbox.
Date: Tue Oct 26
But with the initial riffle through the pages of The F Word, noting the different typefaces that designate parts of speech, definition, date of origin, source, examples, it becomes evident that this word is the great workhorse, an old familiar in The Life, and indeed deserving.
And the New York School of abstraction, which became predominant after the war, was near its apex, not its end, by the arbitrary cutoff date of 1950.
Date: Thu Dec 23
Similarly, we use cookies to remember whether you prefer your contents listed by page number or by date of posting, and to remember which entry in a "Dispatch" or "Dialogue" you last read.
Date: Thu Sept 30
; on the other hand, if you know that the date was 1657, one cannot say that the answer was “easy” or “difficult”: it is like asking a person his name.
Date: Fri Dec 17
Virtually all the cultural imagery pertaining to Westchester dates from the 1950s, The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit era, and is now out of <b>date</b>.
(The NYT doesn't explain the significance of the date, but the LAT does--it's Nigerian Independence Day.)
For example, we tell your browser to remember the date of your visit.
Date: Tues Nov 23
Movie -- 20 Dates ;
Button--Pet Your Dog, Not Your Date, $1.
Now, of course, the date was '61 and you'd think one of the scores of editors and editorial assistants and assistants to editorial assistants could've snared that mistake.
The mere indication of the dates and places of birth and death will usually suffice to identify the bearer of a name uniquely; if one goes further, where does one stop?
Naive users--by far the majority--are bound to misinterpret the dates as meaning “when the word first appeared in the language” rather than as “the <b>date</b> of the earliest recorded evidence found (at press time).”
If you haven't yet sampled our new, alternative "Table of Contents," go to the Contents page and click on the word "Date" right below the Slate logo.
DATE: Fri Oct 8
Date: Fri Oct 29
Lawmakers pushed back from Feb. 1 to Nov. 1 the effective date of a law requiring all motorists to carry liability insurance.
Excellent reviews for this doorstop-sized biography on the legendary financier: "a magnificent, insightful study" (Maury Klein, the Wall Street Journal ). Reviewers are impressed by Strouse's extensive research, which turned up a truckload of new details on Morgan's life and, more importantly, by the balanced portrait that she provides of a man whose biographies have to date been colored by vindictive accounts from contemporaries with axes to grind.
DATE: Fri Oct 8
To give “1604” as the date for lemonade after giving “15c” as the <b>date</b> for lemon might give one the impression that it took Englishmen about 200 years to find out how to make lemonade (or what to name what they got when they squeezed a lemon and mixed the juice with water and sugar).
The New York Times leads with the U.S. Treasury's announcement that it would like to take advantage of projected budget surpluses by buying back some government bonds before their maturity dates.
To date, no one has asked me what it meant.
DATE: Mon Sept 20
Date: Mon Nov 1
They programmed computers to scour Genesis for ELSs naming 32 famous rabbis and their dates of birth or death.
The authors collected dates from a wide variety of sources, but apparently did not establish firm rules to decide among disputed <b>dates</b>.
Lee's memoir snippet can't possibly be true because Robert E. Lee was at Gettysburg and Stonewall Jackson was dead on the specific date Rev.
That helps to explain PointCast's popularity: The company claims that 1.7 million users have downloaded its software to date, and that its site gets 40 million hits a day.
Date: Sat Oct 16
Some answers to questions previously posed to her will be posted here in the next few weeks, but she will be unable to answer any questions received after this date.
Still, I am nagged by inadequacies in Green's definition of high-five , which suggests that each individual might be simply clapping his hands together, and I am bothered by the ODNW's failure to note the date of entry into the language, saying that the earliest use of the term <b>dates</b> to 1979; I think that Green is right to hint at the fact that the gesture preceded its use in sport: my guess is that slap five arose among black teenagers or, perhaps, musicians as a form of greeting, approval, farewell, and the like and was later carried over into sports (perhaps, as the ODNW suggests, by Derek Smith), where it became high five . It seems unlikely that we shall ever know for sure.
Date: Tue Oct 19
Date: Fri Dec 10
My favorite, to date, was his announcement that he knew the name of "the head" of India.
The New York Times goes with a nationwide look at candidates' last-minute attempts to motivate voters, in a campaign that at this late date, the Times says, still lacks a national theme.
In macho prose, with obsessive reporting, Davis all but predicted the date and street address of the 1992 riots.
They don't live together, they rarely go out on dates, and when they see each other it normally means one spending the night at the other's place.
Summoned to the star's suite for an impromptu date, Thacker finds himself in the middle of a press junket for her latest film and ends up posing as a journalist from Horse and Hound --a bit that at once lampoons the idiocy of celebrity interviews and forces the pair into a witty (and sexy) collusion.
The WP reports that Monica's lawyers and Ken Starr are moving closer to some sort of deal under which she would testify about whether she had a sexual relationship with the president as well as--and this would be a big chip for Starr--whether Clinton urged her to deny this Date of the Union.
We'll bring things up to date by presenting his example in modern dress:
Dear Date,
As I once heard a man asking a woman out on a date, If you're interested, just let me know.
