um but i think if we quit uh building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs
The simple furniture is also painted in bright colors.
The thirteen yarn colors of the magnificent rug symbolize the original thirteen colonies of this nation.
The combination of different sizes, colors, styles, fabrics, price lines, and consumer groups means that a retailer must carry an enormous range of different products.
AUDUBON radiates with magnificent color photographs.
“Quiero verde” (I want green), or any color is mentioned.
" ...Vibrant color, decorative patterns, and vivid <b>images</b>.
At dawn, its color changes from milk to silver to rose-pink, and at sunset it is golden.
The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
The curvy contours, unexpected combinations of textures and materials, bright colors, and infinite detail are Gaudí hallmarks, as are his prevalent religious and nationalist symbolism.
The card is no longer a green color, but it has continued to be called this since at least the 1970s.
However, modern production methods, including thin artificial canvas and gaudy synthetic colors, saw them <b>lose</b> favor.
The blooms they sell bring a splash of color to even the dullest Amsterdam day.
In some versions the girls carry ribbons, each of a different color.
Three cotton prints to look out for, particularly in Rajasthan, are: bagru, consisting of geometric or fish, almond, and vine patterns in blue, brown, and maroon; sanganeri, block printed floral and paisley patterns; and bandhani, tie-dye, which results in decorative color.
Invariably they are decorated with plastic flowers and plants, and are often painted in pastel colors.
On the lower floor of the Royal Palace, Laich Hall has been restored as closely as possible to its 1617 décor, using traditional techniques and colors.
Most of Portimão’s local color is down by the port, a haven of fishing activity.
If an operator has a choice of thread color for the next lot to be sewn, she will always choose the <b>color</b> of the last bundle.
The bright colors are said to vary the intensity of the shadows and help differentiate the characters.
Note that even if a sewing machine is properly adjusted for sewing a particular weight and color of fabric, it will generally need to be adjusted again if the fabric <b>color</b> changes because the mechanical properties of a given type of fabric can depend on the dye <b>color</b> used.
“Free people of color” ran their own businesses and owned property.
If the fixture was designed to hold ten shirts of a particular color and size, for instance, it is both wasteful of space and visually unappealing to put only three shirts out—even if an economic analysis recommends the lower quantity.
While Florentine art developed its formidable intellectual and emotional power, the tone of Sienese painting — Simone Martini, the Lorenzettis, even the Mannerist Sodoma — remained gentle and delicate, bathed in the light and color of its surrounding countryside.
Storing the plates overnight at 4°C results in a stronger yellow color.
The game goes on until all of the colors have been chosen and all of the girls are caught.
Confidential conjures up those racy old Avon or Pocket Books pulp covers--film noir but with colors that are lurid and deep--and comments on them, too.
Brighter colors often indicate synthetic dyes, whereas traditionally-made items are still made with the muted earthy <b>colors</b> of natural dyes.
The scan direction was perpendicular to the long axis of the myotube in a region selected on the basis of a low resting fluorescence and a high stimulated fluorescence (red/yellow color).
For our men’s suit manufacturer, the men’s size 43-regular coat may have less in common with the size 46-regular coat in the same size and color than with a fashionable boy’s blazer.
Newsweek 's Katrine Ames is the opera's most passionate advocate, calling the score "rich with color, by turns lush, frantic, heartbreaking, even funny."
Italian kitchenware is in general beautifully styled with a great sense of color and line.
To round out the commitment to equality, according to the Fifteenth Amendment ratified in 1870, the states could no longer deny voting rights to citizens on the grounds of their race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
That is exactly how we are meant to see Escobar--as a bit of Colombian local color, except intensified a thousandfold, to the point of monstrosity.
The cathedral’s 750 stained-glass windows are sublimely restrained, but To­mé’s bronze, marble, and jasper ensemble of <b>color</b>, shape, and symbolism is startling, and, daring as it is, much criticized.
Epithelial structures expressing cytokeratin (blue color) were represented by ST (s, Fig.
But today a shirt manufacturer’s “basic” collection typically includes solid white, blue, and a white/blue weave, as well as white with color stripes in pure cotton, cotton/polyester blends of various mixtures, and other fabrics like 100-percent cotton oxford, pinpoint oxford, and several qualities of broadcloth.
Hundreds of thousands come each fall to view the spectacular fall colors from the temple’s covered Tsutenkyo (“Heavenly Way Bridge”).
34042) until a dark purple color was visible (up to 6.5 h).
Most were painted with tempera, using a gesso ground with bright colors, but contemporary retablos are often painted on tin.
Proponents of the ingeniously named California Civil Rights Initiative, which would forbid all state government affirmative-action policies, routinely invoke the sentence from King's "I Have a Dream" speech looking forward to the day his children would be judged not by the "color of their skin" but by "the content of their character."
Hammocks come in a bewildering range of quality, colors, and sizes; you’ll have your choice of a sencillo (single) or one to share with friends, such as a doble (double) or matrimonial (family-sized).
Dual color immunohistochemistry for Thy-1 of mesenchymal cells and cytokeratin of epithelial cells
He goes on to say, “Hispanic graveyards are places of color, where paints, flowers, and tiles combine to comfort the bereaved and startle the gringo” (88).
Why color?
From the main road the hotel is easily seen with its pale pink color.
Among the 12 samples, adult leaf blades (L9-L10) showed the highest number of genes expressed at a lower level than the reference organ (Table 2, and see extensive green color within Figure 2), whereas the husks and silks showed the opposite trend (extensive red <b>color</b> in Figure 2).
Note that even if a sewing machine is properly adjusted for sewing a particular weight and color of fabric, it will generally need to be adjusted again if the fabric <b>color</b> changes because the mechanical properties of a given type of fabric can depend on the dye <b>color</b> used.
Again, the medium is toys--heroic cowboys and occasional Indians--bathed this time in muted colors.
The females survive for their milk and famous Majorero cheese, Blanco (white) or Rojo (red) according to the color of the crust.
In order to further assess the nature of the hypothesized color effect, it is important to assess whether or not there is an interaction effect of <b>color</b> and dose.
It is called Los Colores (the colors), Los Listones (the ribbons), and Tan Tan.
Sayong pottery, from Perak, has a glossy black color.
Comparison of the observed mean values and the model-estimated mean values shows that the model is relatively efficient for all color categorizations except gray hair, where the observed values are nearly twice the value of the estimated values.
Such systems have the potential to develop patterns and color fabrics; adapt apparel patterns for custom-made suits, shirts, pants, and other garments; and evaluate production sourcing alternatives to maximize profit while allowing for demand uncertainty.
The metro edition does, though, complete with front-page color picture.
As the sun and clouds move, the colors and textures of the sand hills change.
We classified the colonies under a disecting microscope (10 to 50×) into morphotypes based upon colony morphology (effuse, raised, domed or umbonate), color, transparency, and shape (irregular, crenated, or rhiziod).
A customer may purchase three similar polo shirts in different colors or sizes, but because the price is the same for all, the clerk may simply scan one of them three times—-losing important information about consumer <b>color</b> and/or size preferences.
On the plus side, there was no priapism and neither of us experienced disruption of our color vision nor a fatal heart attack, which was nice.
Many of these color portraits have a faded pallor, like old snapshots, but the exuberant Linda (1975-76) has a dispersed energy, derived from the spidery network of Hendrix hair, crow's-feet wrinkles, fissured lips, and eye capillaries.
Some of these drawings, in precise pencil with hints of color, have a diagrammatic quality that seems oddly evocative of Saul Steinberg's work; indeed, divorced from context, some might at first be mistaken as whimsical.
He uses the mouse to click on the picture he wants, and it rolls out of the HP printer, enlarged and in brilliant color.
Instead, there's still a separate-but-equal division for actors of color for the most part.
Those green and orange faces presage Degas' growing interest in bright color in his later work.
At the other extreme is the eager embrace of urban chaos, masquerade, and color.
The DMV is issuing license plates with a color picture of Ronald Reagan in a cowboy hat, and while this may be a covert Random House promo for Dutch , I fear the LAPD may well start treating the new plates as a mobile loyalty oath.
If she tells you everything's fine and only a faint hint of color remains, suggest she tell friends the Persian weavers were famously big drinkers.
Here, for example, is Greider's description of Mexico City: "Its European grace notes, the broad boulevards and castles inherited from colonial eras, were splashed with wild, magical colors that could only be described as 'Mexican.
White Is a Color Too
Color: Most brands opt for classic titanium white or translucent blue-green.
To commemorate Robinson's shattering of the color barrier in sports 50 years ago, no player will ever again be assigned the number 42.
"Visually we wanted to create a little bit of hope, a transition to the rest of the spot" and the HRC logo, which picks up and repeats the color.
One buys them for other reasons: for powerful photographs, now often in color, of underwear models; for a chance encounter with an embarrassing detail about Ron Perelman; and perhaps most of all, for that lovable Marmaduke cartoon.
The whole idea behind the Web-browsing revolution, after all, was that eye-catching colors, friendly graphics, and a certain amount of motion would bring a lot more people online.
They fear that if border collies are bred for the color of their coats rather than the content of their character, eventually their herding instinct will fade away.
Skin color can be an unfortunately handy means of doing the identifying.
On the cover, where the widely read "lead" review once began, there is now a reliably hideous full-page color illustration accompanied by a generic headline.
On 22 February 1989, in a full-page color advertisement in The Times , the Honeywell was severed, leaving the new company name Bull . At the same time, the big brains came up with the slogan To business problems , we say Bull , rather an unfortunate decision for two reasons: first, bull is an almost-polite shortening of bullshit , as (almost) everyone knows; second, bull (or Bull !) as a retort means `bullshit; nonsense; balderdash' and, particularly, `Whatever you said [like, “I have a business problem”] is a lot of bullshit.
The new trend in drinks seems to be away from the traditional red-orange-yellow colors and fake-fruit flavors and toward the blue end of the <b>color</b> spectrum and the dropping of all pretense of fruitiness.
, taste, body, color), no such statement is required.
In the past, Uncle Ned has been known to make rude and/or offensive statements about people of color, overweight people, those struggling with addictions, men under 5'4", children, homosexuals, virgins, teetotalers, and registered Democrats.
But Updike, even in this book, is a great writer, the greatest we have, in his particular areas of strength--in the control of visual details, in his rhythmic intensity, in the colors and shapes that come pouring syncopatedly from his mischievous pen.
At various times in various cities, war or peace ruled as themes, women were seen as strong or as fragile, colors were to be bright or dun.
The late Versace, with his Miami colors, outrageous impracticality, and explicit sexuality, is the Dionysian.
He smiled, and his color brightened to a paler Reaganism.
Masculinity was allowed no erotic range in dress; the phallic necktie, licensed to reflect light and glow with color, was famously men's only hope.
Tooth color is measured on a scale that starts at A1.
He picked her up clad head to toe in the school colors of black and gold, looking like a giant bumblebee.
A lively guitar and plastic colors animate this Grand Tour, which begins with an overhead shot of the globe, North America in the foreground.
Its lesbian/bisexual (we're never told which) female subject allows Shoes to tap wider contexts of discrimination: A male protagonist wouldn't have had her access to the history of discrimination in the work place; and an infusion of color (<b>read</b>: race) might have narrowed the canvas, making the problem seem less pervasive than it is.
On the one hand there were names which were qualified before being applied, like wild currant, wild fig, wild geranium, wild indigo, wild parsnip, wild spinach, wild yam; or native flax, nabox, native cherry, native cranberry, native flax, native grass, native myrtle, native parsley, native plum; or names in which the qualifier is a color, as in blue gum, green wattle, white honeysuckle.
New hair color offered women "an immediate and affordable means of transformation."
They were men without color, literally wearing gray and beige and brown.
There is also "his power of formal arrangement and his sense of color" (Robert Hughes, Time).
The visuals--a sleepy coastline that, gradually leached of color, tightens into a jaundiced, roiling froth--offer third-party verification via superimposed newspaper clips.
In short, the issue is the color of their skin, not the <b>color</b> of their vowels.
Stuckert's tables show that during the 1940s alone, roughly 15,550 fair-skinned blacks per year slipped across the color line--about 155,500 for the decade.
Your premise that affirmative action promotes or gives positions to people of color who don't deserve or are unqualified for these positions is what I find racist.
While CD-ROMs with color copies for inserts <b>lose</b> a great deal of the artifact value boots used to have, the resulting availability is ample compensation, especially since it has forced producers of traditional, higher-fidelity aluminum CDs to increase their standards, with better liner notes, more photos, and higher quality packages.
No wonder she has spent so much time thinking about what color Al Gore's suits should be.
But Japan represented something new for van Gogh, not the jaggedly cropped edges and off-kilter points of view that attracted Degas and Cassatt but rather an imaginary world of nature worship; available women; and flat, shadowless color.
This divides the town into two camps, color and black-and-white, whereupon the film goes downhill.
Allen Walker Read, whose distinguished career now spans seven decades, contributed solid yet always thoroughly enjoyable papers, and in addition has given us the handy phrase “place-name cover” to describe how place names indeed blanket the country with richness, color, and texture.
The WP fronts an announcement that it will begin front-page color on Thursday, this courtesy of "eight new Mitsubishi printing presses."
Paris today--and Milan and New York, always hoping to outdo Paris--is offering men's fashion shows of unexpected glamour, color, and sexuality, founding a new theater that could someday rival its feminine equivalent, applying Eve's method to Adam.
But that is very different from saying we are designed to automatically dislike people with particular skin colors, and that racial harmony therefore is impossible--which is what the National Review article said.
There are 26 pictures of eyeballs in assorted colors; circle the one closest to your child's.
A good book for browsing in, giving many Scots words which have come into use in other parts of the English-speaking world and others which could perhaps add a little <b>color</b> (or colour) to English vocabulary here and there.
People of color is an old facetious euphemism for Negroes: it is the plural of gentleman of <b>color</b>.
Yet nothingabout the frontier's fenced compoundssuggests the traveller en route elsewhereshould stop--even if stepping on the gascan't do much toward cancelling those pictures,the color of pain, a visual undersong ...Once coppergreen expanses of waterslide into view, though, no one could failto sense the difference in beingbelow sea level--air heavyin the ear, oxygen-rich, cool, dry,scented with desert, and holy enough.A hand dipped in water pondersthe viscous feel of minerals in solution,and little tumuli of salts and carbonatesbuild a submarine city sprawlingfor miles under the hammered-metal surface.On a shore hazed with distance, neat rowsof <b>date</b> palms identify themselveswith a green herringbone frond and ripen foodstuffs for, say, the heavenly banquet.Ritual ablution even so has coatedyour skin with a pale silt glove;and sea and desert are one.
Within my skull, light glared at me until I knew the colors of the rainbow: my soul was luminous with pain."
Once you've registered that relationship, you realize that a layer of orange smolders underneath and flickers at the seam of the two colors.
After 13 years of practice, Pollock was void in color sense, draftsmanship, composition, and handling of his materials.

NR : More color photographs of Rudy Giuliani.
Furthermore the eta 2values, which are interpretable as a measure of the percentage of the explainable variance, show similar contributions between color and dose, and a lesser contribution due to age.
Appending the coloring to the underlying data can allow transparent annotation by color.
All you have to do is gather up the strands of commonly told tales and give them visual representation--a gesture, the color of the light, a costume, a chance expression--in order to produce an <b>image</b> that feels both knowing and right.
Xerox Corporation designs and manufactures office equipment, including color and black and white printers, digital presses, multifunction devices, and digital copiers designed for offices and production-printing environments.
The specimens were examined with a BX60 fluorescence microscope (Olympus) and images captured using a RT220 <b>color</b> digital camera (Diagnostic Instruments, Inc.).
Henry explained that Katherine did this because, as a gardener, she simply loved the feel of the bulbs in her hand, the textures and colors of their little tunics.
The color, using a 'black-body' scale (from low values represented by black to dark red to orange to yellow to high values represented by white) indicates the relative level of expression of the gene across the different conditions.
Kincaid's stories so far have been about young women of color born into a world that absolutely fails to value them.
However, recent double color immunohistochemistry experiments indicate that the cells in the mouse proximal efferent ductule epithelium can be separated into three types with distinct expression of ERs: (1) ERα+/ERβ-, (2) ERα+/ERβ+ and (3) ERα-/ERβ+ [ 43 ] . The authors did not provide any functional explanation of these observations.
If you want to buy a 19 inch color television set, you start by checking the newspaper for advertised prices.
The reaction was terminated after the appearance of color using 3 N NaOH.
Bonnard's early influences were the work of Paul Gauguin and Japanese prints, both of which confirmed his interest in bold colors and strongly delineated design.
Immunohistochemical color <b>images</b> were loaded into Scion <b>Image</b> software, converted to RGB (red), and mean densities evaluated in the areas of 20 × 20 pixels (400 values).
One way to prevent this type of color loss is to wash clothes in colder water, but all detergents work poorly in cold water, and many bleaching agents are completely ineffective in cold temperatures.
2) Would the media be making such a fuss over this story if all the kids and parents were the same color?
A control procedure consisted of dual color immunohistochemistry as above, but both primary antibodies were replaced with PBS.
2-, 3- or 4-color flow cytometric analysis was performed on all samples following a standard red cell lysis method using mouse monoclonal antibodies directed against CD45 (clone 2D1, peridin-chlorophyll-a-protein [PerCP]-conjugated,) as well as various combinations of CD26 (fluorescien isothiocyanate [FITC]-conjugated), CD3 (SK7, FITC or phycoerythrin [PE]), CD4 (SK3, PE), CD7 (4H9, FITC), CD8 (SK1, FITC or PE), CD19 (SJ25C1, FITC) and CD26 (L272, FITC).
Lastly, errors creep in because the writer is making up local color.
The 2-factor model (dose and color) presented in Table 11are consistent with the conjecture that age and <b>color</b> demonstrate some interactive or synergistic effect, since <b>color</b> alone fails to attain significance.
These elements--surface, shape, color, associations--add up to something substantial, a variety of sensations rather than merely "a" sensation.
Appearance change: This event is used to issue a request for a change in the appearance of a feature, for example, if the chosen color is altered.
The most common label claims boasted of keeping colors bright, removing stains, eliminating odors, and being free of skin-irritating perfumes and dyes.
While executive directors of color or who are women in our programs has not diminished in spite of a decreasing number of programs (from reconfiguration) the number of women leaders and leaders of <b>color</b> is small compared with their numbers in our pool of attorneys and other professional staff.
Maybe color is reserved for nights and weekends.
Right-clicking on a type lets the user adjust the color used for displaying features of that type; middle clicking allows the score threshold to be adjusted (features with scores below the threshold are not shown in the display).
Noting that he blames whole classes of people for his country's ills, it commented: "Singling out groups because of nationality is no less racist than doing so because of skin color or religion.
The file also describes for each feature type: the tier it is to appear in; a label for that feature type; a color; the list of attributes to appear in the tabular report; initial score thresholds; and the drawable class to be used to display this feature.
The drusen images consisted of stereo pairs of standard 35-degree film-based <b>color</b> fundus photographs centered on the macular regions.
In a perfect world, there would be no need to refer to people by their skin color: many years ago newspapers agreed to omit mention of an individual's <b>color</b>, but they got round that by showing a photograph; today, television newscasters avoid irrelevant mention of skin <b>color</b>, but they seem almost relieved to be able to show a picture of someone being arrested and of looters and rioters.
In order to assess this an ANCOVA model including dose, dose duration, age, and hair color is assessed.
Instead of mixing his colors on the palette, Close built up his <b>images</b> by applying thin layers of primary <b>colors</b> directly onto the canvas.
In Figure 3, signal from the normal allele results in FAM (false color green) fluorescence, while signal from the mutant allele results in Cy3 (false <b>color</b> red) fluorescence.
What does embrace both the modern and the body, by contrast, is Versace's sleek, stiff, short hoop-skirt dress made of briskly clashing silk-print sections in color, swept with a flowing black-and-white silk-print stole.
Hence, we employed dual color immunohistochemistry for HLA-DR and CD8 epitopes.
We lose in <b>color</b> what we gain in homogeneity.
The captured color <b>images</b> were processed with Scion <b>Image</b> analysis program (Scion Corporation) based on NIH <b>Image</b> software (Wayne Rasband, NIH, Bethesda, MD).
But for all their color and utopian promise, the new notes are lifeless.
Another aspect of this interpretation controversy concerns whether there are systematic influences on drug concentration in hair because of color variations, differences in cosmetic treatment, and different intensities of hair hygiene.
Above the waist, we might see an asymmetrical patch of salmon pink and another of black making one breast look heavy and the other one look absent; or we can see the simple black-velvet scoop-neck top above the fluttering yellow silk skirt worn by Oksana Kazakova, the two colors perfectly balanced by the two flashing white skates below.
C olor Fastness Test: Since the arrival of detergents with bleach and bleach alternatives, color fading has been a concern of many launderers; various brands have accordingly begun to claim "<b>color</b> hold" bleaching or even that they "brighten brights while whitening whites."
In order to further assess the nature of the hypothesized color effect, it is important to assess whether or not there is an interaction effect of <b>color</b> and dose.
She is wearing a blue suit--not quite navy blue, but a bit closer to that notorious color than I would have chosen--and white pumps and is carrying a white purse.
Hair Color/Dose Relationship
There, in the model kitchen of a suburban ranch house, Vice President Nixon proclaimed the true spirit of America, what Foner sums up as "freedom of choice among colors, styles, and prices."
A color reaction was developed with 3-amino-9-ethylcarbazole and specimens were lightly counterstained with Mayer's hematoxylin.
The paintings and drawings are grouped in such a way that we follow Close's progression from the black-and-white enlargements of the late '60s to his puzzling attempts during the '70s to reproduce in paint the chemical process by which Polaroid cameras make color <b>images</b>.
The latest version is that Clinton is finally showing his true color (pale pink) because of Monica Lewinsky.
Suspected mixed samples, as determined by colony type and microscopic characteristics, were placed on plates with media showing species-specific colony color change (Chromagar, CHROMagar, Paris, France).
Food tastes enormously better when it is eaten in a place where you are accepted as a special person, special for something other than the color of your credit card.
The color change of the yeast colonies due to the hydrolysis of 5-bromo-4-chloro-3-indolyl-β-D-galactopyranoside (X-gal) by β-galactosidase was significantly delayed and less intense than the reaction we observed for strongly interacting mutants.
The spot finally shifts to Clinton, filmed at the White House in glorious color.
Hair Color
Callers, overwhelmingly poor people of color, think their lives are entirely pre-scripted and want to be told what to do.
The relationship between ERα and ERβ immunoreactivity in CV was also investigated by dual color immunohistochemistry (Fig.
Like paying lip service , making all the right noises possesses just enough color to be memorable and yet not so much color as to cloy.
The use of PM plates have several major benefits to the analysis of our strains: 1) color change is easy to monitor and quantitate; 2) <b>color</b> change is very sensitive and highly reproducible; and 3) cellular respiration can occur independent of cell growth and, in some cases, can measure phenotypes that do not lead to growth [ 7 ] . Other researchers have used the Biolog™ System to explore other phenotypic changes in various mutated strains of bacteria [ 8 ] .
It is reasonable to surmise that the color effect for VPA is, at best, weak and mostly likely collinear with age.
Brighter colors often indicate synthetic dyes, whereas traditionally-made items are still made with the muted earthy <b>colors</b> of natural dyes.
A full-length view of the girl, shot from behind in sharply faded color, then a less clearly articulated close-up of her face.
Giambattista Tiepolo (1696-1770), the last of the great Venetian artists--those masters of color and suave worldliness--was the supreme painter of ceilings and skies.
The color plates are pretty, the captions neutral and informative, but the metaphorical message is sharp: Behold what was <b>lost</b>.
Table 13reports the number of subjects for each of four hair color categorizations, the mean concentration of PHT for that <b>color</b> category, and the related standard deviation.
Penguin, which holds the U.S. copyright on the original Pooh books, has published black-and-white Pooh books, color Pooh books, miniature Pooh "storybooks," Pooh in Latin ( Winnie ille Pu ), Pooh for New Agers ( The Tao of Pooh and its companion volume, The Te of Piglet ), and even Pooh for managers.
The user can change some of the 'style' attributes of a feature type - for example, its color and tier position - interactively.
Cut to an English landscape from which all color has been drained, and where Nic is a skinny teen-ager (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers) whose pubescent girlfriend drunkenly cheats on him during her father's wake.
Another factor worth consideration is the possible interaction effect between hair color and dose.
The story also gets front-page play at the NYT , LAT , and WP . But the nature of that coverage varies considerably: the NYT 's piece dominates the top front via the use of three color shots from the CIA video the FBI presented, while the LAT runs it as a two-inch square box "reefer" well below the fold.
Microphotography was performed using color negative films, and negatives scanned to obtain positive <b>images</b> ported into the Power-Point and processed as above.
We used ERα/ERβ dual color immunohistochemistry for co-localization of both ERs.
A study conducted at Oregon State University (where the maraschino cherry was invented) about 25 years ago found that blue was almost universally disliked as a food color.
With respect to the follicular and luteal development, porcine ovaries were macroscopically classified as follows: Early/mid follicular - medium sized antral follicles (3-5 mm) accompanied by shrinking fibrous corpora lutea of similar size; late follicular - large antral follicles (>5 mm) not accompanied by any luteal tissue; early/ mid luteal - large corpora lutea (~10 mm) characterized by yellowish color; and late luteal - CL of diminishing size (~7 mm) with massive bleeding into the central cavity (bluish <b>color</b>) and no accompanying follicles.
Best name for a male-marketed color: Testosterone.
Hair Color
Finally, measurement, fit, color, and texture remain central components of apparel sales.
An AP story on the USAT front and inside the WP reports that the FAA is warning pilots not to take Viagra within six hours of flying, because the color discrimination problems sometimes associated with the drug could make it hard to interpret cockpit gauges and runway lights.
Color, transparency, smoothness, and the skill of cutting determine the price.
The colors (pink and white) alternate for changes in the organism names in the output entries.
Clearly, the fabric, color, and style must also match.
Other new techniques include the use of computer animation to construct images of faces, based on surviving jawbones and teeth, as well as information gleaned from DNA about hair <b>color</b>.
The English brochure is quite helpful, giving general information on the geology and geomorphology, flora and fauna, helpful hints on camping as well as a very useful color diagram of the hiking possibilities.
In the felled seams of shirts and jeans, for example, the visible stitches might be of a color designed to decorate the garment.
The colors are fixed
It is an explosion of mosaics, tiles, stained glass, enamel, sculpture, and carving — a wildly audacious outpouring of contours and colors.
To overcome this, we utilized a concrete approach to learning in which all of the information was reorganized and presented in two formats: color coded flash cards corresponding to each curriculum component which were organized into teaching modules and written and verbal question and answer formats.
While men’s dress shirts are normally sewn with white thread, regardless of the fabric color, most apparel items use a thread <b>color</b> to match or contrast in a decorative way with the cloth.
But the real color and spice of the people’s everyday life is to be found in their neighborhoods.
To further examine this effect, we produce a final covariance model for VPA with color categorization as the independent factor and dose as the covariate.
The color and texture of the rest of the garments in the photograph can be changed with equal ease.
The succeeding scenes are more conventional, but Close's every appearance, in vivid color, completes the case.
Years of painting among the native peoples and studying with French Post-Impressionists produced a unique style of vigorous, expressive landscapes and totemic themes achieved with great sweeps and swirls of bold color.
For the screening step, we used the xylE gene because catechol 2,3 dioxygenase activity is easily measured by spraying colonies with catechol and the amount of color produced is a rough measure of promoter activity [ 10 ] . In our screen, white, pale yellow, and bright yellow colonies were observed, indicating a wide range of promoter activity.
Aside from that, he looked pretty average--average height, hair color, skin <b>color</b> (police said he was either a white guy or a light-skinned black guy).
Furuimachinami is quieter and more residential, with long, two-story, unpainted dark timber houses, lattice façades, and low-balconied verandahs, plus a few flowers and shrubs in pots or hako-niwa box gardens to add some <b>color</b>.
The 2-factor model (dose and color) presented in Table 11are consistent with the conjecture that age and <b>color</b> demonstrate some interactive or synergistic effect, since <b>color</b> alone fails to attain significance.
For example, “I am having the experience of a brown color”; “I am aware of the note A-flat.”
Always curious about technological innovation, Degas may have been excited by the new colors made available by the chemical industry at century's end.
A contemporary film composer, Zbigniew Preisner, who wrote the scores for the Polish director Krzysztof Kie§lowski’s films, including The Double Life of Veronika, Dekalogue, and the Three Colors trilogy: Red, White, and Blue, is worth seeking out.
Small eigenvalues are consistent with collinearity between the covariate factors, and thus these values are indicative of an age/color collinear condition.
According to the reductive standards of my International Style teachers, its opulent materials, its glowing colors, and its very theatricality disqualified Radio City as architecture (never mind that it was a technologically sophisticated “machine for entertainment”).
While the upbeat "Hitler Moves East" skirted any mention of the destruction of the European Jews, "Mein Kampf " (1993-94) explores, in lurid color--especially the Nazi colors of red and black--Hitler's crimes against humanity.
Sculptural reliefs flattened out to symbolic decorative, non-human forms, and painting and mosaics were rich in color, but more rigid and formal.
The images were saved as 24-bit RGB TIFF files, with 256 levels of intensity value for each <b>color</b> channel.
This means that after sewing a bundle of items of one color, an operator must not only change the needle thread but also put in a new bobbin for each new <b>color</b> of fabric.
Tartar hordes and Stalinist work brigades seem to go marching past, in flaming colors.
Madrid may be a planned bureaucrat’s town (like Brasilia or Washington), but it’s far richer in color and tone.
In the words of Jose Angel Gutiérrez, as quoted by Arnoldo Vento, “La Raza is the affirmation of the most basic ingredient of our personality, the brownhood of our Indian ancestors wedded to all the other skin colors of mankind.
um but i think if we quit uh building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs
The colors green, black, and grey denote base pairs with a G:C, A:U, and/or G:U in at least 80% of the sequences and within a potential helix that contains at least one red base pair.
Furby: Three "wild" fur designs in all new wildlife colors and patterns.
The center of each ellipse is indicated by a color point.
In airline-speak and Pentagonese, the idea seems to be to build up the number of words or syllables in a sentence at the expense of its color, vitality, and charm.
Other EST elements, however, presented the opposite color pattern (Figure 1, arrows).

• The values for the attributes RNA Type, ORF (open reading frame), Secondary Structures (entries with/without secondary structure diagrams), Results/Page, and Color Display are also displayed on the main frame, and can be selected by clicking the appropriate box or button.
Or you could turn to the NYT top front, which has a large color shot of just this scene.
Genes for transcription factors that control inflammatory responses and programmed cell death make up the first gene cluster considered (Figure 2, color coded in blue).
But the most interesting method of analyzing Vance's neologisms is by etymological speculation, which falls into roughly five categories that shade into one another like colors in the spectrum.
As is common in ET analysis, these features may extend over sequentially or spatially clustered sets of nucleotides or amino acids, and patterns are frequently difficult to identify without a form of color coding.
Either find yourself a reference book such as Taylor's Guide to Bulbs , or use one of the catalogs with color photos for reference, so you can take advantage of the picture-less catalogs' high quality, good selection, and cheaper prices.
The color was developed with 17 mM 3',3'-diaminobenzidine, 40 mM hydrogen peroxide in 0.5 mM Tris-HCl buffer (pH 5.0).
He reproached the much beloved garden at Dumbarton Oaks for its limited plant palate, especially what he referred to as the "forsythia mess"--a hillside covered in the yellow, early spring flowering shrub that others consider a bold sweep of color.
There are five color categorizations of hair represented among the 40 subjects.
The candy-store colors that Close reined in for decades return here with a vengeance, but they seem more frivolous than emotionally charged.
The largest group is composed of genes associated with the term 'interferon' (also 'IFN' and 'IFN-alpha', color coded green, Figure 2); indeed, STATs are factors specifically required for interferon signaling.
Color Me Gray
Dual color immunohistochemistry experiments were performed as described previously [ 47 ] .
Belief can be affected by many factors, including the drug's appearance (certain pill colors are more effective than others), form (injections often have a greater effect than pills), or taste (bitter may seem like better).
Table 15reports the relative frequency of daily dose regimens by hair color group.
Color was developed using the avidin-biotin detection system (ImmunoCruz Staining Systems, Santa Cruz Biotechnology, Inc.).
Red is the color for weddings and celebrations; white is the <b>color</b> of death and mourning.
There are no dyed specimens so four color categories are used in this analysis.
A banner at the top of a Web page just isn't the same as a luxurious two-page color spread.
You shower, slip on the robe provided (this part we already have), and then, in the cupboard, you find stacks of pants and shirts and sweaters, maybe a wrap-skirt or two and some jackets, all in many colors and all in your size, since you e-mailed the information ahead with your reservation.
Tissue sections were processed for ERα and ERβ immunoexpression using indirect single color immunoperoxidase immunohistochemistry [ 15 ] . For ERβ, the slides were incubated at 4°C overnight with affinity purified goat-anti human ERβ polyclonal antibody - ERβ (N-19): sc6820 raised against a peptide mapping at the amino terminus of ERβ of human origin (Santa Cruz Biotechnology, Santa Cruz, CA) diluted 1:20 in PBS.
In situ hybridization and immunolocalization of ERα and ERβ in a variety of reproductive tract tissues in males and females have shown that in most instances either ERα or ERβ is expressed in a particular cell type, although some cell types, e.g., Leydig cells, ovarian surface epithelium, and epithelial and stromal cells of the uterus and breast, may show expression of both ERs [ 39 40 41 ] . However, since only a proportion of cells were detected to express ERα or ERβ in a single color immunohistochemistry [ 42 ] , such an approach cannot demonstrate coexpression of the ERs in a particular cell, nor indicate eventual transition from one ER subtype to another during differentiation.
Altman uses a distinctive color palette here--a lot of neonlike primary <b>colors</b>, as if the whole Mississippi town were a blues joint--but his mastery is in his offhandedness, in how he conceals his own storytelling.
Normal chlorine bleach removes color indiscriminately: It attacks stains and dyes alike and converts them into particles that your detergent can easily wash away.
Holed up in his squalid attic studio in Montmartre (models complained of the dust, but Degas believed that sweeping just moved the dust around), Degas narrowed his subject matter to a few recurrent motifs--women bathing, having their hair combed, and dancing--while at the same time experimenting with a remarkable range of techniques and media (photography, tracing paper, lurid color combinations).
We also suggest that for VPA there appears to be effects of collinearity between age and hair color, and possibly dose and hair <b>color</b>.
That delirious transcript is part of the story of the triumph of refined sugar over old-fashioned honey that takes up almost half of Sidney Mintz's new book, Tasting Food, Tasting Freedom: Excursions Into Eating, Culture, and the Past . Mintz, an anthropologist at Johns Hopkins University and author of Sweetness and Power (a more detailed look at sugar and its meaning), also explores other topics, ranging from the broader relationship between political power and food to more idiosyncratic excursions such as the chapter entitled "Color, Taste, and Purity: Some Speculations on the Meanings of Marzipan."
The NJ tree from the ClustalX analysis is shown in Figure 3. The groups from FastGroup are color coded on the Tree (Figure 3).
The resulting swaths of color, like beach towels rippling on a laundry line, create a planar kind of abstraction, with large areas of smooth, erased whiteness.
We also suggest that for VPA there appears to be effects of collinearity between age and hair color, and possibly dose and hair <b>color</b>.
This color scheme is red to represent correlation, yellow to represent uncorrelation, and green to represent anticorrelation (Figure 3).
The one thing that really bummed me about being paired up with you to do this Breakfast Table gig was knowing that you'd effortlessly outdraw my sorry ass, and that's even when you've got a color pallette tied behind your back.
A sample with heterozygous genotype produces both colors.
Also, the date given for the adjective lemon (as in lemon flavor, lemon <b>color</b> ) would draw one to the conclusion that those retarded speakers of the language needed some 300 years to use the noun as a modifier.
Using an arbitrary cutoff of 0.5 < R < 2.0 (indicated by blue color), some markers perform poorly: for example in The Gambia TNF-308 can only detect TNF-3025 ( R = 2.9).
The actual file format consists of six columns: sequence number, residue number, three columns for the primary color space (red green blue, RGB) designation of the <b>color</b>, and an optional comment/property column (Figure 1c).
The new style in Web pages is "logical as well as luscious": more color, less confusion.
An analysis of variance for Table 6fails to show a significant relationship between VPA mean values and hair color (F = 2.354, p = .088).
There is certainly a need for words of Afrikaans origin that recur in English texts (often for local color effect) to be glossed somewhere: a reference work like the DOSAE might be more convenient for readers than an Afrikaans or Xhosa or some other dictionary.
In this analysis, the dependent variable is the mean concentration for the hair analysis, the independent qualitative variable is the hair color categorization, and the covariates are duration of dose (in months), dose (in mgs.
The selections are encoded in a hierarchical sorted manner, that is, smallest to largest sequence position, and within this group smallest to largest sequence, and within those groups, smallest to largest color values.
While moving into color, Close found ways to engage the crisscross grid that had always been part of his procedure for enlarging photographic <b>images</b>.
His endurance is chalked up to his training as an architect and his embrace of bright colors.
There is a disquieting dialogue at work here, the play of color capturing the tensions of the chrysalis.
His eyes had been treated and darkened to a rich purple to disguise the brilliant golden yellow color that would mark him as an Alpha Arrallin, and leader of his hive.
The chharbagh (foursquare) gardens are an integral part of the Taj Mahal, both spiritually, as the symbol of the paradise to which Mumtaz-Mahal has ascended, and artistically, to enhance the color and texture of the mausoleum.
The little girl whose color is mentioned runs away and La Vieja Inés tries to catch her before she reaches a spot designated as home base.
Antigen-antibody complexes were detected by a DABNi detection kit according to the supplier's manual (Vector Laboratories, Inc., Burlingame, CA), giving the substrate dark blue color.
At progressively lower concentrations, the color of the spots appeared more yellow, and at the lowest concentration of 1.6 ng/ml (Figure 1panel 3 for anti-Flag and Figure 1panel 6 for anti-IgG), the spots appeared green.
It has been a source of controversy in the interpretation of hair assays whether or not hair color is a critical factor in the binding of materials in hair.
The actual file format consists of six columns: sequence number, residue number, three columns for the primary color space (red green blue, RGB) designation of the <b>color</b>, and an optional comment/property column (Figure 1c).
About 20,000 colonies were sprayed with catechol, and a range of color intensity from white to bright yellow was observed.
The clamp was then removed and the vena cava was evaluated for bright red color, an indication of a successful ACF.
A screen of a HeLa cell library yielded 56 colonies that tested positive in the two hybrid assays (growth on plates lacking histidine or uracil, lack of growth on plates containing 5-fluoroorotic acid; and induction of lacZ resulting in blue color when assayed with X-gal).
The color categorizations are identical to those used for CBZ.
Visual examination of the table shows that both black and brown color had notably higher concentrations than either blond-haired or gray-haired subjects.
As with CBZ, we now consider the possible interaction of hair color, dose, and recovered VPA from hair.
Finally, although we used only Affymetrix oligonucleotide data models as examples in this paper, the same principles should be readily applicable to two color cDNA arrays as well.
The "Negro problem," wrote Norman Podhoretz in 1963, would not be solved unless color itself disappeared: "and that means not integration, it means assimilation, it means--let the brutal word come out--miscegenation."
An entire chapter is devoted to the concept of "smallest effective difference," showing how distinctions that are subtle but clear (two light colors on a map, say) can be far more powerful visually than any amount of heavy-handed contrast--as useful a lesson in writing as it is in graphic design.
In Figure 3, signal from the normal allele results in FAM (false color green) fluorescence, while signal from the mutant allele results in Cy3 (false <b>color</b> red) fluorescence.
Each data type can be individually assigned a shape and a color (Figure 2).
The orange color refers to the number of changes at one of the two positions, while the pink <b>color</b> refers to the number of mutual changes (or covariations) that has occurred on that branch of the tree (H-2B.
Sulzberger created new sections, introduced color to the front page, enlivened the editorial page, and promoted minority viewpoints.
Often these repeated images are rendered identically (same <b>colors</b>, no alterations in the pose), and sometimes they even appear next to each other in series of as many as eight.
Briefly, specimens were washed with phosphate buffered saline (PBS) and incubated 20 minutes with mouse-anti human Thy-1, clone F10-44-1 [ 33 34 ] (5 μg/ml in PBS) reacting with placental villous pericytes, extravillous fibroblasts, and decidual cells [ 15 ] . After extensive washing in PBS, specimens were incubated 20 minutes with swine anti-mouse IgG peroxidase conjugate (SwAM; SEVAC, Prague, Czech Republic) diluted 1:50 and preabsorbed with rat kidney homogenate [ 15 ] . Antigen-antibody complexes were detected by standard diaminobenzidine technique (brown color).
Totem's first line of its own--the Surface Collection by Lloyd Schwan--is both playful and versatile, consisting of building-blocklike tables, credenzas, and cabinets with interchangeable parts and colors, depending on whether the pieces are going in an office or a kid's room.
I believe that color , religion , language , age , country , tribe , distance etc has nothing to do with real friendship , i believe real friendship is all about love , care , trust etc for each other .
The greyness if overwhelming; you should have known you would experience withdrawls from the color of home.
You should be sleeping too, but you’re too busy trying to find the colors of the city.
Nothing matches the color of home.
To not even see colors..
Colors were just an abstract idea; there's really no way to imagine seeing anything but the colors you can already see, now is there?
All the colors really.
"I beg you, change the color of the walls, at the very least."
Most of the funny looks you got were less about your color than about your ride.
Second, I was floating in the dark remnants of my broken ship, and any conceivable light sources were not within view; starlight is a distinctly different color and significantly less bright.
What hair color do they put on the driver's licenses of bald men?
This Indian knows how far away they are, how many horses, what color they are, who is in the wagon, and what is in the wagon.
For instance one would like to know the current font family, size and baseline position, as well as the background color or texture tile and pattern origin.
I noticed that there were some people on the street, people the same color as the soiled buildings.
Besides having the satisfaction of knowing that you are doing your part to help save our wildlife heritage, you will also receive some outstanding benefits of membership including: A one-year subscription to our beautiful full color magazine, NATIONAL WILDLIFE.
HOW TO SELECT As the gourd ripens, its color changes from near white-pale green to vivid green, often flecked with yellow, and eventually bright orange.
No one I know is getting digg'd or favrd yet for throwing color and scent around the ghetto.
This was one of most important quotes from the article: “Invariably,” says Craig, “a black-themed book will come up for consideration, and there won’t be anyone of color to put in an opinion, or there’ll be one, who shouldn’t bear the burden alone.
The end result of such roundtables, one can only fear, could be that the only books depicting people of color that get published are those that do not challenge white assumptions.
Passionate, fiery colors filled the western sky before him, though the sun itself had reached the trees and a few dark clouds circled overhead.
Select Custom Art Prints" - http://ping.fm/4fYdR RT @12C4: Lindsay Lohan makes mock dating service ad http://is.gd/spoK if you r left-handed & use a Crayon then the color name is upside down!
I'm glad you went with all the colors!
Also in front of the ferry terminal is a new Cyber fountain, with 86 water spouts that shoot up to 70 m (230 ft) and are illuminated at night by 288 spotlights producing 80 colors.
One of the few surviving palace apartments is the principal harem, Rang Mahal (Palace of Color).
pPB799 also contains the ADE3 color marker.
Two color FACS analysis of apoptosis and myofibroblast formation.
The video images were captured by CG-7 <b>color</b> frame grabber (Scion Corporation, Frederick, MD) supported by Scion <b>Image</b> public software developed at the National Institutes of Health (Wayne Rasband, NIH, Bethesda, MD), and ported to <b>Windows</b> XP, 2002 release (Microsoft Corporation, Redmont, WA).
Color fundus photographs have been routinely employed for diagnostic purposes for many years, and fundus photo gradings are central to clinical studies of macular disease [ 1 2 ] . The natural history of age-related macular degeneration (AMD), the leading cause of blindness in the developed world [ 3 ] , is in particular tied to that of subretinal deposits known as drusen [ 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ] . Drusen are key in the classification of AMD, hence the importance of drusen identification and measurement in clinical studies.
First, the intensity of in situ hybridization staining is dependent on the strength of the probe and length of the color reaction.
What is noticeable through the color scheme (Table 1) is genes with high RN (low RV) have relatively less concordance between the two techniques; where red indicates no concordance and blue indicates only one or two (out of three) of the results agreed.
He was an impresario and a brand name, hiring talented assistants (several of whom went on to become major photographers in their own right) to shoot, color, and otherwise alter first daguerreotypes, and then--Brady was always up on the latest technical innovations--stereographs, ambrotypes, Imperial salted paper prints, and other photographic exotica.
Color footage, complete with a shot of the Marine band in the background, lends Clinton presidential depth and authority.
Check out all the adjectives used in supposedly "evenhanded" stories) that your true colors (mainly yellow) are apparent.
A set of small color squares represent the transcription factor binding sites, when the user move the mouse on these colored squares, a contextual menu will pop out and show the detailed information for that binding site.
The Yiddish language, through its color, its target-accurate expressions, its raw idioms, and its sayings exudes a refreshing magic and laughter, mixed with sober thought, that has been handed down from generation to generation and from nation to nation.
Los Angeles Lakers coach Phil Jackson observed, "Skin color is an immediate reaction to people, and this is something that we have to overcome.
The NYT mentions that his career was "marred by two decisions:" his publishing of the bogus Hitler Diaries and, despite his personal knowledge to the contrary, publishing Joe Klein's denial of writing "Primary Colors."
The action unfolds in a season halfway between autumn and winter, and the washed-out tones suggest that the Blair Witch took the forest's colors with her when she died.
This tradition has been linked to Mexico’s indigenous heritage, for, as Terry Jordan states, “Such use of color in a sacred context has ample pre-Columbian precedent in Mexico, where even the huge pyramids once bore bright paints” (80).
As we look into the sun, all is a silvery glitter, a captivating light show with this one color.
As long as shoppers weren't insistent on a specific color or style, there was still enough stock on hand to keep America's Christmas trees from falling over and to clothe the Michigan and Montana militias.
By way of reassuring that his outfit has really changed, Tailhook's president tells the Times , "We've had color coordination seminars for the wives.
The video images were captured by CG-7 <b>color</b> frame grabber (Scion Corporation, Frederick, MD) supported by Scion <b>Image</b> public software developed at the National Institutes of Health (Wayne Rasband, NIH, Bethesda, MD), and ported to <b>Windows</b> 98.
And the Quebec government complained that Anglophone business owners sought to evade the law by having larger French letters on their signs, but in the faintest of colors so they couldn't be seen.
And even though the film is full of laughs, the jokes hover on the edge of the abyss: This is a world in which lurid colors and extravagant gestures are means of filling the void.
That's what makes Election so much more insightful than Primary Colors : Tracy isn't fatted and self-satisfied like Nichols' version of Clinton.
However, there is an effect for color that is operating as a stronger effect than discerned in the analysis of CBZ.
Indeed, if a movie is in color, in focus, and indoors, it was likely to have been praised by the New York Times ' departing Janet Maslin.
Donald Foster is the best-known scholar here, thanks to his successful exposure of Joe Klein as the author of Primary Colors and his advocacy of the awful "Funeral Elegy" as a part of Shakespeare's canon.
Here, we describe the production of two similar Cre reporter alleles that express enhanced yellow or cyan fluorescent protein (EYFP or ECFP), two color variants of the green fluorescent protein (GFP).
This year as always, Paris fashion has meant fabulous-looking girls slinking along in foot-high hair or plastered-flat hair with grim or giddy hats and stark painted faces, sporting fitted tops, transparent tops, cutout tops, tight skirts slit to here, full skirts trailing to there, floppy pants or skinny pants, trimmings that glitter or flutter, colors that dazzle or puzzle, curled feathers and dyed fur, boiled wool and frosted leather, crushed velvet, shot silk, frayed hemp, and distressed plastic.
Another application of this method to a drusen image is seen in Fig 4. The first frame is the standardized <b>color</b> <b>image</b>, which then was contrast-enhanced in Photoshop for ease of drusen visualization (middle frame).
The son of fashionable Parisian modistes , dealers in hats and accessories, Corot lived comfortably on a trust fund until he himself became the fashion, both among wealthy industrialists (who treasured his visions of the very rural serenity they were threatening) and among the rising young stars of the impressionist generation--Claude Monet, Berthe Morisot, Camille Pissarro--who revered "Papa Corot," even as he disdained their "blinding use of color."
To determine a relationship between placental mesenchymal and epithelial components, the slides were subjected to dual color immunohistochemistry for Thy-1 and cytokeratin (CK) immunoreactivity (Thy-1/CK).
Or of the same color?
History can be lived and felt amid the longhouses of Sabah and Sawarak, in the kite-flying and top-spinning traditions of northeastern Kelantan, in the many graceful and beautiful dance and story-telling traditions, and in the vibrant colors of batik art.
As with CBZ, we will examine the potential for a "color effect" associated with the reported concentrations of recovered VPA.
Note that even if a sewing machine is properly adjusted for sewing a particular weight and color of fabric, it will generally need to be adjusted again if the fabric <b>color</b> changes because the mechanical properties of a given type of fabric can depend on the dye <b>color</b> used.
I don't know how I knewthe signalman was the signalman.His fuzzy red-brown hair the color of blood?
The collection is witty and bright with the bright colors and unique language symbols associated with the artist.
If an operator has a choice of thread color for the next lot to be sewn, she will always choose the <b>color</b> of the last bundle.
The former, of course, is a mud of another color.
To counteract this they had the ingenuity to brighten them up; and nowadays all the buildings are painted in the most unusual, and very attractive, array of pastel colors.
Hair color assignments were based upon observation by the attending physician, questioning of the patient and in cases of ambiguity by consultation among the field research staff, the attending physician, and the patient.
All of the other players are given a color by the mamá: red, yellow, green, blue, or they may choose their own <b>color</b>.
To keep the colors fresh, he dabbed the carcass with blood from a pail, then grabbed his paintbrushes to capture those lurid reds on canvas.
The market is bustling, fragrant, and colorful, with exotic fruits, vegetables, and fish of all shapes, colors, and sizes.
Obviously, color coding exploits our cognitive pattern-recognition skills - skills that have been difficult to replicate algorithmically.
This Primary Colors -type story of a president who has an affair with a young staffer was written by a former Clinton speechwriter.
Also in front of the ferry terminal is a new Cyber fountain, with 86 water spouts that shoot up to 70 m (230 ft) and are illuminated at night by 288 spotlights producing 80 colors.
Table 16indicates that age, dose, and color are significant factors in the model (values shaded gray are significant) while dose duration is not.
This means that after sewing a bundle of items of one color, an operator must not only change the needle thread but also put in a new bobbin for each new <b>color</b> of fabric.
The new trend in drinks seems to be away from the traditional red-orange-yellow colors and fake-fruit flavors and toward the blue end of the <b>color</b> spectrum and the dropping of all pretense of fruitiness.
The desert is no monotonous expanse of sand dunes, but a beautiful, variegated land full of color and space.
This assessment of the recovery of three compounds, CBZ, VPA, and PHT, from hair samples identifies a variable effect of hair color on assay concentration by drug type.
Changing the type of fabric, even if the thread color is the same, generally demands adjustment of the thread tensions and other parts of the machine.
The modest aim of the exhibition and the catalog is to refocus our attention on the paintings as paintings, directing our attention to how van Gogh made changes in color, brushstroke, and the dimensions of his pictures over time.
One of the breathtaking displays of color comes soon after the Kwoong Siew Association Temple, in the Sri Mahamariamman Hindu Temple on Jalan Bandar, on the west side of Chinatown.
I believe college admissions offices and corporate personnel departments do literally prefer to admit and hire people of color for certain slots.
Cream and blue are the most popular colors.
However, within the context of our pre-established assay conditions (a single color, single sample per array system using ten micrograms of cRNA), enough cRNA was generated from each IVT reaction to perform hybridizations in triplicate.
While men’s dress shirts are normally sewn with white thread, regardless of the fabric color, most apparel items use a thread <b>color</b> to match or contrast in a decorative way with the cloth.
She'd do the play by play; I'd do the color commentary.
s set the forests ablaze with color. In spring the skies gradually become hazy and there are 
Hair Color, Dose, Dose Duration, HPLC and FPIA Concentration per Segment, HPLC and FPIA Serum Concentration, Phenytoin
(What color do you want?)
He would cut into the belly of one, at the kitchen sink, Mother squabbling in the background, and he'd be up to his elbows in silver, blood shining from the knife, the room smelling of sweat, boots, coffee, smoke, and though I'd been at home, in bed the whole time, I could see the Puyallup River, the herons rising, cattails and redwing blackbirds with their bottlebrush shapes and streaks of color, from shore to shore a thick fog, but rolling up and off like smoke, a reel singing as the steelhead ran with the line, the hurry, the thrash and splashing, feet stumbling along the shore to keep up, to keep the line from getting cut.
You’ll find crocus, hyacinth, and narcissus blooms along with the tulip, in colors you normally only see in your imagination.
Look for uniformity in the size, shape, and color of a string of pearls.
Restored to its original colors after a controversial ten-year restoration finished in 1990, the brightness and freshness of the frescoes is overwhelming.
Wooden clogs feature prominently, either plain or painted in bright colors.
Although “Yellow Mountain” is the literal translation of Huangshan (which is not one mountain but a range of dozens of peaks), yellow is not the color that first comes to mind when describing this romantic site that has been the subject of Chinese poetry and painting for centuries.
Enhancing these even more, Fuerteventura’s coastal shelf allows for the existence of shallow transparent waters that often acquire a beautiful turquoise color.
The famous FWI women, inevitably wearing bright earrings and flashing colors, manage to be both graceful and sensuous as they walk.
Distinguished three-story, late 18th-century houses line the square, and orange trees soften the edges, adding <b>color</b> and scent.
However, they would have seen a structure with a veneer of splendid color and decorated with magnificently carved sculptures; not to mention a strong wooden roof now <b>lost</b> to posterity.
In reality, green is the color of the stunted pines clinging to purple cliff faces.
The color of its sandstone has earned for Jaipur the name “pink city” — although you will see that it changes <b>color</b> with the season and time of day, from a rosy pink to warmest amber, bright orange, and dull ochre.
In response to the tourism industry, they have grown progressively less simple—all kinds of colors and skins are now available—but you can still get the original, endearingly simple Abarca, in brown, navy, black, and yellow, for less than US$20.
The understated simplicity — and lack of human images — of Islamic design fades completely and is replaced with an ornate blaze of <b>color</b> within which human <b>images</b> in either paint, stone, or wood abound.
Adding local <b>color</b>, members of minority nationalities — mostly Muslim Hui people and Tibetans — contribute their own customs, costumes, and cuisine to the cosmopolitan mix.
Then they established four distinct categories known as varna (literally, “color”).
Certainly it’s a town for that most Parisian of creatures, the flâneur, or stroller, wandering at leisure through narrow back streets, paying due homage to the monuments of Québec City’s past triumphs and tribulations, but even more alert to the colors and smells of the living present.
An unexpected bargain is cashmere sweaters, in all styles and colors.
Islanders come to see and pray to a statue of the Madonna and Child, La Moreneta (or “little dark one”), so called because of its dark stone color.
If you don’t have a taste for the down-and-out life of Skid Row on Hastings Street, make your way east to the brighter colors of Chinatown along Pender Street.
Both have the same style, using bright colors like yellow, burnt orange, and royal blue, or a blue and off-white scheme, in designs that include flowers, birds and geometric shapes.
Contrast this with the superb vibrant colors of The Bedroom in Arles and Vase with Sunflowers, both painted after Vincent moved to Provence in 1888.
From the hall, a colonnade leads to an immense hypostyle (with columns supporting the roof) hall, decorated with double rows of papyrus columns with beautifully preserved colors, and on to the Court of Amenophis III.
You must imagine these as they were originally painted, in brilliant colors.
282/352 858), better known as Porches Pottery, is the biggest and best of these, with highly original designs and unique colors.
Portimão sits at the confluence of the River Adade and the sea, and most of its local color is down by the port, a haven of fishing activity.
You’ll be struck by the imagination, life, and color of the Tang wall paintings.
You will pass huge farmhouses, characteristically roofed with laves — flat volcanic-stone tiles — that add <b>color</b> and texture to the landscape.
Every spring from mid-April to the end of May, the fields between Haarlem and Amsterdam erupt in a rainbow of color, which stretches as far as the eye can see.
Free women of color were included among the concubines of white aristocrats, their lives organized according to arcane social codes.
Downtown avenues are tree-lined, there are dozens of mosques, and the street markets provide splashes of color.
It’s easy to tell that they are not: Printed patterns don’t penetrate fully to the other side, while the real batik will show thin veins of color where the dye runs along tiny cracks in the wax (printed versions may try to simulate this).
Hammocks come in a remarkable variety of styles, colors, and sizes (a miniature model for your cat, a double-wide hammock for the adventurous).
Room 1: The 14th-century Coronation of the Madonna of Paolo Veneziano, first of the city’s great masters, glowing with characteristic Venetian color and texture.
It spills down the side of a hill between the Castelo de São Jorge and the Tagus with all the color and bustle of an Arab bazaar.
Their brightly painted walls add a welcome touch of <b>color</b> to the gaunt grey trawlers in the docks — from Britain, of course, but also Russia and even Japan.
The buildings boast both geometric and amorphous shapes, with bright colors visible behind the sub-breaker grills.
The colors should not be fading and the threads should be fine and tightly woven.
The main hall, called the Sanbutsudo, with its almost erotic color scheme of black and green and vermilion, dates to 1648 and is the largest single building at Toshogu.
Panels of brilliantly colored tiles (added by Suleiman the Magnificent in the mid-16th century) and bands of Koranic inscriptions surround the upper part of the octagonal shrine, while marble panels in muted <b>colors</b> offset this brilliance from below.
You’ll be able to fully appreciate the color of the sand and the ocean from on high.
The trail is especially good during early spring or summer mornings, when the waters are perfectly still, capturing the most breathtaking colors from the trees and the cliffs of Mount Watkins behind it.
The strata, colors, and manic whirls are a fascinating sight.
Look for the brilliant colors of Veronese’s oval ceiling painting of Venice Crowned by Victory, forerunner of the Baroque tours de force in perspective.
Since the Han Dynasty, China has been exporting delicate silk fabrics in brilliant colors.
On either side of the orchestra’s stage the rich colors of the room are offset by two wildly sculpted groups of musical masters in white plaster.
This area, known as Storyville, became a legend in its own time, where the mixture of glamour, depravity, and color in the local brothels attracted almost every visiting celebrity, and where saloon drinkers, gamblers, and rakes waiting their turn could tap their feet to a developing style of music — jazz.
Newfoundland is peopled almost exclusively from the southwest of England and southern Ireland, whence the special music and color of their dialect (see page 145).
During festivals, the square springs to life with excitement and color.
For Victoria is blessed with an exceptionally mild climate, with enough rain to water the flowers, and an annual average (they count everything in this town) of 2,183 hours of sun to give them their brilliant colors.
Blauwbrug (Blue Bridge) is named after the color of the previous bridge which occupied the site.
The pedestrian-only streets of the Es Rodal area just south of the cathedral are replete with wonderful stonework, the buildings’ honey color glowing gold as the sun goes down.
If you can attend mass in the church, you may hear the famous Lluc boys’ choir, Es Blavets (“the blue ones”), named after the color of their cassocks.
The color of its sandstone has earned for Jaipur the name “pink city” — although you will see that it changes <b>color</b> with the season and time of day, from a rosy pink to warmest amber, bright orange, and dull ochre.
Large department stores and malls are to be found in most major cities, with night markets adding <b>color</b> while antiques shops brim with traditional handicrafts and Chinese antiques.
Talavera pottery and dishes, as well as blown-glass stemware in a rainbow of colors, are readily found throughout the Pacific coastal region.
Equally stylized in its way, kabuki is filled with fantastic color, movement, action, drama, and comedy.
The five miles of sand are a beautiful sight, especially in the early morning or just before sunset when the color reflects more deeply.
The combination of an idyllic resort and spicy local color is beguiling.
The fabric produced on personal looms in traditional patterns and colors is used in a variety of different products.
The Filippo Strozzi Chapel (right of the altar) is decorated with Filippino Lippi’s frescoes of saints Philip and John, rich in color and anecdotal detail: In the monumental Exorcism of Demons in the Temple of Mars, notice the three bystanders holding their noses at the smell.
The whole story is told in perfect pictorial balance, and with El Greco’s penchant for long, heaven-gazing faces and characteristic colors.
By way of local color, you shouldn’t turn down a chance to see Sichuan Opera.
The quirky, irregularly shaped arena boasts real, manicured grass and a towering wall that is nicknamed the Green Monster for its scale and color.
Hanging mats keep the place in semi-darkness so that the workers can judge the temperature of the glowing metal by its color.
Because of the almost total lack of moisture, the murals in the tombs have retained their original lively colors — and many of the corpses haven’t aged much either.
Foster--who also analyzed Primary Colors last year and accurately identified Joe Klein as the author--discovered the elegy in 1984 and, in last October's issue of PMLA , wrote that it "is formed from textual and linguistic fabric indistinguishable from that of canonical Shakespeare."
While executive directors of color or who are women in our programs has not diminished in spite of a decreasing number of programs (from reconfiguration) the number of women leaders and leaders of <b>color</b> is small compared with their numbers in our pool of attorneys and other professional staff.
Chatfield, Columbine's traditional rival, welcomed their guests with banners and signs including, "We Are One," featuring Columbine's colors, blue and white, and Chatfield's <b>colors</b>, maroon and white, entwined in a heart.
In this table, color is used to highlight the three phylogenetic domains (Archaea in yellow, Bacteria in blue, and Eukaryota in green).
A switch to full color accompanies the first words, spoken in a childlike voice-over: "It might not be easy to talk to kids today ...
Dual color fluorescence was detected using an ABI Prism 7700 Sequence Detection System (Perkin-Elmer Corp., Foster City, CA).
Nobody has pictures in the paper today to match the one of a massacre victim that ran (in color) in the NYT yesterday.
Other than that, little attention was given to retaining and promoting people of color, women, people with disabilities and others who reflected the client community.
I thought the Primary Colors movie was unconvincingly crude--can anyone believe for a moment that George Stephanopoulos was ever deeply, morally conflicted about anything?
The strength of each probe was determined by a dot-blot color reaction (Figure 1b).
This elegant advertorial product intersperses color photographs of death-row inmates with somber quotations about the evils of capital punishment from Pope John Paul II, the Dalai Lama, Martin Luther King Jr., and other giants of the fashion industry.
After all the expense and complications the Times has experienced putting color pictures on the front page, it might be a little difficult for the brass to admit that the picture has something else going for it: its main <b>colors</b> are blue and white, giving it the moody feel of.
In wells containing a substrate that is oxidizable, a burst of respiration occurred and the cells reduced the tetrazolium dye forming a purple color.
He sketches his stories usually with a few bold colors and fewer details, as in a Raphael Soyer painting.
Has dark orangey-amber color that was obviously different from all other lagers tested.
Following nine 10-min washes in 0.1% Tween 20 in PBS and two rinses in AP buffer (50 mM MgCl 2 , 100 mM NaCI, 100 mM Tris pH 9.5, 0.01% Tween 20) the NBT/BCIP color substrates were used to detect the hybridized probes.
More Primary Colors buzz: Newsweek 's David Ansen calls it "the most vital Hollywood movie of the new year."
Differential interference contrast images were captured with a DEI-470 CCD Video Camera System (Optronics Engineering, Goleta, CA) with detail enhancement and CG-7 <b>color</b> frame grabber (Scion Corporation, Frederick, MD) supported by Scion <b>Image</b> public software developed at the National Institutes of Health (Wayne Rasband, NIH, Bethesda, MD).
To commemorate Robinson's shattering of the color barrier in sports 50 years ago, no player will ever again be assigned the number 42.
They were very young and very slim, 6 feet tall and distinctively beautiful, each wondrously clad in a wide range of strong colors and textures that were cut and fitted or draped and buttoned to mold the body and occasionally expose the bosom or upper thighs.
This is evident by their brown coat color and the inheritance of D2 derived microsatellite markers flanking these loci [ 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23].
Last week I suggested that Clinton watch three movies for inspiration about how to escape the dress: Primary Colors , Presumed Innocent , and There's Something About Mary . Reader Jason Furman reminds me of a fourth film: Gattaca , a sci-fi thriller in which the hero hides small packets of blood in his fingertip and urine in his bladder (don't ask how) in order to fool DNA tests.
Specific immunoreactive bands were identified by color reaction or enhanced chemiluminescence, respectively.
' But what we want to know is: Is the company now fully committed to bright colors?"
After washing the sections 4 times in PBS, diaminobenzidine tetra-hydrochloride (DAB) was used to develop the color (dark brown).
It works by releasing hydrogen peroxide to break up or remove the color from organic materials but is gentle enough that it won't affect most fabric dyes.
After 14 washings, the washed sets of clothing had lost significant amounts of <b>color</b> as compared with the unwashed control set.
Users can specify the color, graphical representation and placement of any feature (both annotations and computational results).
He doesn't mind if the color is from a bottle (Flowers, Hillary).
We sought to identify the critical elements leading to the formation of clusters of related genes described in Figure 2and represented in Figure 5ausing similar color codes.
The obvious question about Matisse is how a seed merchant's son from France's ugly and smelly industrial north became both an inventor of modernism and a master of Mediterranean color and light.
The dose values and hair color categories can be a shown as a matrix array as in Table 3.
USA Today goes with "color"--coverage of the 200th anniversary celebration of the U.S.
The membranes were then treated with anti-digoxigenin-AP Fab fragments and the color substrates NBT/BCIP.
Mutations in the Rab27A gene have also been detected in mice with the coat color mutation ashen , which is regarded as a model for Griscelli's syndrome [ 75 76 ] . Rab24 can be detected in many tissues and cell lines [ 24 25 ] , but expression appears to be highest in neuronal cells [ 25 ] . At present there are no available data specifically linking Rab24 mutations to human disease.
The last time I had 14 drinks in different colors was this one evening in Vegas ...
This pathway is supposed to be involved in the processing of form and color.
In short, the issue is the color of their skin, not the <b>color</b> of their vowels.
The 2-factor model (dose and color) presented in Table 11are consistent with the conjecture that age and <b>color</b> demonstrate some interactive or synergistic effect, since <b>color</b> alone fails to attain significance.
Her movie debut in The Color Purple netted her an Oscar nomination.
Stage 1: Primary Colors . Clinton denies that the stain is his semen.
Hair Color/Dose Relationship
AAP: More people of color on board of chancellors.
Excess secondary antibody was removed by three 5-min washes with TNT buffer and color was developed using the 5-bromo-4-chloro-3-indolylphosphate/nitro blue tetrazolium (BCIP/NBT) alkaline phosphatase substrate.
She cuts up faces and bodies and fits together parts mismatched in size, color, and style, like a Dr. Frankenstein bent on demonstrating through surgery the folly of beauty culture.
Distributions for replicate arrays or replicated Cy3, Cy5 channels are shown in the same color.
If skin color as a proxy for criminal intentions were a precise tool--that is, if every young black man strolling the sidewalks were a mugger--it would be hard to criticize.
And at a time when ad people all seem to be drawing from the same palette of colors and styles, creativity and distinctiveness are, oddly enough, not synonymous.
We can assess this effect by examining the ANCOVA model retaining dose and hair color as the sole covariates (replicating the procedure applied to VPA) and examining the surviving significant relationship.
As Time reported earlier this week, Vice President Al Gore paid Wolf thousands of dollars a month for advice on presentation, from the tones of his speeches to the color tones of his wardrobe.
The probe was connected to an ultrasonograph device (Color Doppler, model SSD-830; Aloka Company, Tokyo, Japan) and videorecording of two-dimensional transoesophageal echocardiography <b>images</b> were made for later analysis.
The Stealth condoms were red, white, and blue--a Trojan horse of another color, one might say--and were sold in a deltoid package reminiscent of the Stealth Bomber's design, bearing the motto "They'll Never See You Coming."
For CBZ, hair color does not appear to exert a significant effect on the quantity of the compound recovered from hair.
Kekiongas was apparently chosen more for its poetry and local color than for any drollery or satire at the expense of Native Americans.
C olor Fastness Test: Since the arrival of detergents with bleach and bleach alternatives, color fading has been a concern of many launderers; various brands have accordingly begun to claim "<b>color</b> hold" bleaching or even that they "brighten brights while whitening whites."
]. The RNA types are indicated in different colors (rRNA: 5S, green; 16S, red; 23S, blue; introns: group I, black; II, brown; other intron types, magenta) and the cell locations are abbreviated (N, nucleus; M, mitochondria; C, chloroplast; Y, cyanelle; V, viral).
Are you worried at all about the amount of artificial flavors and colors that you're ingesting?
The color code in the dendrogram depicts the origin of the fibroblast cultures.
Dual color immunohistochemistry experiments
