The Pentagon had been struck; the White House or the Capitol had narrowly escaped direct attack.
The President wanted the United States to strike the Taliban, step back, wait to see if they got the message, and hit them hard if they did not.
As a former pilot, the President was struck by the apparent sophistication of the operation and some of the piloting, especially Hanjour's high-speed dive into the Pentagon.
He knew he would soon be striking the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
Those familiar with Safire's editorial style, reflected in his political columns on the editorial pages of The N. Y. Times , may agree with me in the contention that when he writes about language he seems to be writing on his day off: I cannot put my finger on why, but “On Language” always strikes me as an excruciating effort to be cute.
A federal judge in Dallas struck down key sections of the Telecommunications Act of 1996, theoretically allowing the Baby Bells to get into the long-distance market.
They struck three days after we arrived, without warning, at least to us.
In the goofy Back to the Future , he regressed Michael J. Fox to a 1950s high-school student and had him strike up an incestuous flirtation with his then teen-age mother.
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) begins to address this area, [ 53 ] but has many problems which will need to be resolved, specifically concerning the nature of the boundaries regarding what is permissible and what is not; if interpreted broadly, HIPAA could make clinical research nearly impossible [ 47 ] . More legislation will be needed to strike an effective balance.
While we're on the subject of editorial déjà vu , Keeping Tabs has become strangely attached to "Tilton Talk," the part of Charlene Tilton's new Globe gossip column in which the former Dallas star spouts off about whatever strikes her fancy, with ellipses separating her insights from one another.
But Slocombe worried that simply striking some of these available targets did not add up to an effective strategy.
But what will become of The New Yorker ? During Tina's tenure, the magazine's editors were always talking about "the mix"--the never-ending struggle to strike the right balance between the slashy and the serious.
The other thing that struck me about Bradley's performance was the somewhat inconsistent quality of what one journalist recently described as his streak of "civic mysticism."
The interview, occasioned by McPherson's 70 th birthday, appeared in the "Style" section of Oct. 20's Washington Post . McPherson was introduced, quite properly, as an important former aide to Lyndon Johnson and author of a "much-praised" memoir, A Political Education . Chatterbox will even go along with the interview's overall tone of deference (headline: "The Long View of a Changing Capital"); from a distance, McPherson has always struck Chatterbox as a kind, thoughtful, and (for the most part) honorable man.
That last, in fact, strikes the falsest note in Once and Again , since it has been Culturebox's experience that real children will go to some lengths to avoid the disgusting details of a parent's sex life.
In one of the strips, one of the characters is jumping rope and says, "Suddenly it struck me that it all seemed futile."
Indeed, it is not clear to us that the video teleconference was fully under way before 9:37, when the Pentagon was struck.
He was ready to strike at "the head of the snake."
It's certainly a striking fact that male gorillas are twice the size of females; but looking from gorillas to humans, what should strike us is not that men are somewhat bigger than women, but that they are nowhere near twice as big.
In an essay scheduled for publication next month in the Columbia Law Review - titled "Thinking Out of the Bar Exam Box: a Challenge and Proposal for Change" - Dean Glen contends that public service, scored by specially trained evaluators, would be a more useful test of future lawyers' potential than rote memory, and would simultaneously strike down what she sees as unfair barriers for poor people and minorities seeking entry to the legal profession.
What really struck me in Skidelsky's account, however, was the extent to which conventional opinion in the 1920s viewed high unemployment as a good thing, a sign that excesses were being corrected and discipline restored--so that even a successful attempt to reflate the economy would be a mistake.
But Heidenry writes that Larry beat Althea more than once, and she told Hustler that she didn't see anything wrong with a "man striking a woman."
Our enemy is twofold: al Qaeda, a stateless network of terrorists that struck us on 9/11; and a radical ideological movement in the Islamic world, inspired in part by al Qaeda, which has spawned terrorist groups and violence across the globe.
Israel's new prime minister and Yasser Arafat struck a tentative deal on a Palestinian state.
That struck me as dubious.
Ehud Barak pledged to strike peace deals with Syria and the Palestinians within 15 months.
He wrote that the crown prince, the effective ruler of Saudi Arabia, could have met secretly with Israeli officials, as Clinton asked, and struck deals with them behind closed doors, subsequently to denounce Israel in the strongest terms, as many Arab leaders did.
And, in the "it may not sound like progress but it is" department, Utah residents overturned a 102-year-old law limiting the property rights of married women, and South Carolinians struck the miscegenation ban from the state constitution.
The superficial analysis is that the court struck down sampling and hurt the Democrats.
This struck Einstein as grotesque, so he added to his theory a fiddle factor called the "cosmological constant" that eliminated the implication and held the universe still.
The Los Angeles Times leads with news that must strike terror deep within the hearts of its readership: the state's second largest phone company, GTE, mistakenly leased tens of thousands of unlisted phone numbers to telemarketers.
If the president was seeing a shrink, that struck Chatterbox as big news.
“[Gothic] was seized upon as essential not because it was materially essential, but because the pointed arch struck that note of fantasy which was what the mind of the age desired,” explains John Summerson.
Then disaster struck, struck, and struck again.
By the early hours of the morning of August 20, President Clinton and all his principal advisers had agreed to strike Bin Ladin camps in Afghanistan near Khowst, as well as hitting al Shifa.
It began at 9:29, with a brief recap: two aircraft had struck the World Trade Center, there was a confirmed hijacking of American 11, and Otis fighters had been scrambled.
Beyond weighing how a proposal would affect the federal budget and the economy, policymakers need to consider the balance struck between the twin goals of income adequacy (level and certainty of benefits) and individual equity (rates of return on individual contributions).
The American Medical Association voted to form a union to negotiate for better wages and working conditions but promised never to strike.
3) A Greek medical aid convoy in Kosovo was reportedly struck by a bomb but without causing any injuries.
Where ellipses occur, I have not bothered to copy down the entire list of offerings, selecting only those that struck me as odd, either because of the incongruity of the choice or because I could not, in my wildest flights of dyslexic, schizophrenic fancy, imagine the criteria employed in arriving at the selections.
In 1889 the masterpiece was struck by lightning and burned almost to the ground.
Never Easy , the second, reverses field and feel with a talking head who, while almost didactic in her delivery of a simple message and a not-so-subtle push for ABC itself, is young enough, earnest enough, to strike a chord across her audience.
Time 's superior package emphasizes U.S. hopes that Iraq's military will strike first.
After the election, Holbrooke wrote a memo to Warren Christopher and Anthony Lake advocating the strategy known as "lift and strike"--lifting the arms embargo that prevented the Muslims from defending themselves, and bombing the Bosnian Serbs.
This week, two days after Arafat and Israel's new prime minister, Ehud Barak, signed another deal, terrorists struck again.
This gentle Star Trek spoof strikes a chord; it's "a fast, loose, and very funny parody that pulls off the not-so-simple feat of tweaking Trekkies and honoring them" (Lisa Schwarzbaum, Entertainment Weekly ). The film's premise: A group of middle-aged actors from a long-canceled space show get "spacejacked by naive aliens in need of protection" who mistook the program for a historical document (Jay Carr, the Boston Globe ). The result is campy, goofy, and "funny without being flip" (Rita Kempley, the Washington Post ). (Click here to read an interview with Sigourney Weaver about her character in the movie.)
True, they tend to have the emotional autonomy of 8-year-olds, but they're less of a labor to "read" than ordinary mortals: It's their business--you might say their existential orientation--to communicate their thoughts and feelings in an engaging fashion every millisecond . I mention this because the first thing that struck me about the much-hyped satirical comedy EdTV , which purports to show the effect of TV cameras brought into the homes of real people, is that almost no one on-screen seems ever to have met a real (i.e.
She recalled first telling the President it was a twin-engine aircraft-and then a commercial aircraft-that had struck the World Trade Center, adding "that's all we know right now, Mr. President."
That statement, we were once asked to believe by John Cleese, was an example of the irrelevancy of Victorian English phrase books, along with the well-known, My postillion has been struck by lightning.
The accompanying photograph reinforces the squeaky-clean image--the picture might have been the only one available, or one of a small handful, but it strikes a note that will carry through the spot: Harmon is always well-dressed, and he is always smiling.
The National Weather Service pointed out how unusual it is for a big tornado to strike an urban center .
"French handyman" strikes my American ears as oxymoronically as "American intellectual" probably strikes French ones.
A shiver of excitement strikes the line of people waiting four-breast outside Theodore Roosevelt's front gate, and runs in serpentine reflex along Pennsylvania Avenue as far as Seventeenth Street, before whipping south and dissipating itself over half a mile a way.
An office with which I have occasion to do business is at 123 Elm Street, Old Saybrook, Connecticut, and I cannot help feeling that Freddie lurks there, ready to strike down the unwary.
The facts that McPherson was an old friend of Kaiser's and a former boss of Janeway's were noted prominently, and did not strike Chatterbox as disqualifying.
The top national story at the Los Angeles Times is the emerging pressure on the Clinton administration to not just strike against Saddam Hussein, but remove him.
In the Sala Grande, see the high drama of Moses Striking Wate r from the Rock and a fascinating Temptation of Christ, with Satan portrayed as a beautiful youth.
Even though a spokesman traveling with President Clinton in California does tell the NYT that there are still "significant issues" to be resolved, and the Wall Street Journal cautions that "Those involved in the talks.describe the emerging deal as fragile and caution it could easily collapse," the general view in the papers is that substantial progress has been made and that an actual deal could be struck between the President, the House and the Senate as early as today, with final passage coming by Friday.
You strike a balanced note at the end of your message that I think is absolutely appropriate.
The Pentagon had been struck by American 77 at 9:37:46.
Traditional eight bells are struck.
He failed to explain the cuts on his hand or the blood in his Bronco, and said he had never struck or beaten Nicole Simpson.
India would never be the first to strike, and it would retaliate only against a nuclear power that had used nuclear weapons against it.
When they closed the wedding chapels, brothels, and even the 24-hour casinos in Nevada early this month, I knew that disaster had truly struck.
Striking construction workers marched down Stalinallee (which was later renamed Karl-Marx-Allee) and mounted violent demonstrations against the government of Walter Ulbricht.
"At every step, we have been clear-headed in endeavoring to strike a careful balance between ... what is best economically and is also politically realistic," he said.
At Baiyunguan the first courtyard features the Wind Containing Bridge, where visitors attempt to ensure their good fortune by striking a 17th-century copper bell with coins.
Some of them strike us immediately as exotic but others (shampoo, for instance) are in such common use that people are often astonished to learn that they have a foreign origin.
But I only need to use your examples as proof that what the Internet has wrought in an unbelievably short time has been profound--the entire computer industry (as evidenced by Michael Dell's success) has been turned on its ear, the retail industry is reeling (did you see the many news stories today about Nordstrom's striking a deal with a well-known Silicon Valley venture firm to jumpstart its Web efforts?), and traditional media companies are in full-scale alert.
Still, Chatterbox doesn't really think a ritual sacrifice will address the basic underlying problem: When media outlets strike secret business deals with other businesses, readers are unable to evaluate whether these deals might be compromising news coverage.
Russert offered the clip as an omen of the "curse" that would strike John Kennedy 30 years later.
Death continues to strike down Americans, and celebrities are no exception, sometimes, like yesterday, dying two at a time.
My worry about Bennett's lack of teaching experience struck me especially while reading the math section in The Educated Child . Bennett presents a perfectly reasonable sequence of math skills.
This is going back a bit, but I was struck by the letter from . As a psychology professor, a previous psych major, and an avocational singer, I agree with your advice to "Go for it" but think there's yet another option that Carpe should consider before running away from home or from college.
Then it struck me: Barry Diller is the Antichrist.
He refused, however, to don a Nazi uniform, and struck an attitude that was deemed insufficiently fascist by the monument committee.
It's reported that one of the Baghdad sites struck by cruise missiles was the home of the youngest of Saddam Hussein's three daughters.
Onomatoplazia struck a delightful chord for me.
No, what struck Jacob as oppressively squalid was the subject matter he was forced to contemplate week after week: fleeting, age-inappropriate sexual liaisons in the Oval Office; the seep of money into every cranny of the political system; Trent Lott; Newt Gingrich.
It always struck me as strange that in the period when crime was increasing in cities, politicians blamed the problem on the pathologies in the inner-city communities.
In 1974, he exhibited a series of deathbed portraits of his father, a New York clothing retailer, which struck many viewers (including Avedon's son) as an act of unchecked Oedipal hostility.
LSC staff were struck by the many innovative systems used across the country.
. When he struck a deal last week to repay some but not all of the United States' U.N. debts, senators on both sides hailed his compromise.
The WP reports that a U.S. appeals court has struck down the ability of rape and domestic violence victims to sue their attackers under federal civil rights laws, a power first granted by the 1994 Violence Against Women Act.
Then disaster struck, struck, and struck again.
This idea--the Antichrist as gay--strikes a chord with many evangelicals, just as the idea that the Antichrist is Jewish strikes a chord.
Despite his penchant for revolutionary rhetoric, his inspired use of modern techniques of collective mobilization, and his willingness to strike up a tactical alliance with Stalin, Hitler remained a committed foe of what he called "Jew-Bolshevism," and indeed, of all leveling ideologies.
When American 11 struck the World Trade Center at 8:46, no one in the White House or traveling with the President knew that it had been hijacked.
At first, Rea's hangdog persona struck me as overly pitiable for Henry: A more repressed, formal Englishman would make his wife's open disregard seem less cruel.
Prudie would suggest you not ask the recently bereaved widow to a dancing party as your opening salvo; instead an invitation to Sunday brunch and a stroll would strike the right casual note.
