I had my second chance to change my life.
Because teaching a man to fish will keep him fed for his entire life.
..I had my second chance to change my life."
A real difference in people's lives -- in all of our lives.
A real difference in people's lives -- in all of our lives.
And there are a lot of people who face these challenges every day of their lives.
When Jerry was released from prison, he knew it would take hard work and determination to straighten out his life.
He knew he had made a bad mistake, but despite his commitment to rebuilding his life, he just didn't count on the obstacles that would be thrown up in his path.
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer, his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live, Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community.
Many need furniture, linens and other basic necessities to begin lives on their own.

Because Pleasant Run is the only "family" for so many, our Emancipation Fund is one way we can help a young person take the first steps into his or her new life as an independent and productive adult.
Your contribution will make a difference in a child's life.
You can make a difference in a child's life.
That means we now have the opportunity to be a stable, positive and important part of each child's life for an entire decade.
If you can increase your last donation, we would appreciate that show of support for the campers and their efforts to overcome obstacles and create successful lives.
Between June 21 and August 31, 45 youth will spend 20 hours a week developing life management and work ethic skills, learning the computer, visiting area colleges, and interacting with guest speakers.
Answer 34,700 opportunities to change a life!
We're asking for a contribution in the amount of because you can't got a better bang for your buck than to support an organization that impacts so many lives in so many ways.
This is the time of year when our thoughts turn to ways to do things differently, things that will make our lives better and improve the quality of our life.
This is the time of year when our thoughts turn to ways to do things differently, things that will make our lives better and improve the quality of our life.
Big Sisters are mentors and friends who empower girls to more fully reach their potential, experience life's opportunities and perhaps begin to dream.
It is a pivotal time in the life of a young girl-when small changes in her behavior, or the choices she makes, can affect her future.
A Big Sister is a mentor, a friend and a role model, helping a young girl to develop the self-confidence and life skills necessary to become a responsible, productive and successful adult.
This is positive proof that Big Sisters one-to-one mentoring program helps change lives.
Today, we are offering you the opportunity to help change a life.
You can help make positive changes in the lives of at-risk youth in central Indiana.
The last thing he needs is to draw more attention to these qualities in his personal life.
A scan of the headlines found cheek-by-jowl on the WP 's Page A6 provides an interesting snapshot of the life of the modern Cabinet officer: "[Ex-HUD Secretary] Cisneros's Ex-Mistress Pleads Guilty," "[Labor Secretary] Herman Denies Allegations of Influence-Selling Scheme," and "Two Tyson Foods Executive Indicted Over Gifts to [Ex-Agriculture Secretary] Espy."
If the concept of autonomous agents were something like a usefulor more, a properdefinition of life itself, then autonomous agents span the gap from the merely physical to that new realm of the merely physical where "purpose" is ascribed by all of us to one another.
If we synthesize autonomous agents in the next decades and they coevolve under our rapt gaze over months or years into a modestly complex ecosystem brimming with novel life forms, they too will know how to make a living in their mutually created world plus the boundary conditions we more or less intelligently impose on them.
If the conversation we recent two-legged ones are having with respect to our digging sticks and atomic bombs is impressive, so too is the chemical conversation in any full-fledged ecosystem, where we are all instrumental in the lives of one another. 
The emergence of ethics in the evolution of life on this planet is a fascinating issue. 
As they worked on defining the goals and objectives of the upcoming campaign, they considered a paper that went beyond al Qaeda to propose the "elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life," an aim that would include pursuing other international terrorist organizations in the Middle East.
The goal was the "elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life."
The basic elements of life in the Aegean began to come together as early as 5000 b.c. , and were already in place by the late Bronze Age (c. 2700 b.c. ).
It wasn’t until a.d. 330, however, when the newly converted Emperor Constantine made Byzantium, renamed Constantinople, capital of his Eastern Empire that Christianity was assured of its dominant role in future Greek life.
When Seleucid rulers outlawed Judaism, Jews led by Judah Maccabee and his brothers staged a revolution in 167 b.c. and, against all odds, restored the primacy of Jewish religious life in Jerusalem.
According to biblical accounts, Jesus spent his life ministering in the Galilee Valley.
The ruins of Jerusalem were briefly liberated, but, in the end, Jewish resistance to Rome was defeated with great loss of life.
Queen Helena, a devout Christian and the mother of Emperor Constantine the Great, made a pilgrimage to the Holy Land in 326 to identify the sites associated with Jesus’s life.
Throughout Jerusalem, other spots important to Jesus’s life were commemorated with religious structures.
I got a strange sort of corroboration from my good friend Rosy McHargue, who is now pushing eighty-seven years and has spent most of his life playing clarinet and sax with some of the best jazzbands—Benny Goodman, Red Nichols, Ted Weems, and a slew of others.
Oh, it can lead one to a rhymed couplet: He loves his brother and his wife, Does he live a double life?

Yiddish never apologizes for what it is—the earthy, wise soul of an expressive people learning that life is but a mingled yarn, good and ill together.
“Nothing in life is all mazel [`good luck'].
They moved westward to start a new life.
Readers should be familiar with Robert Claiborne's earlier books, especially Our Marvelous Native Tongue: The Life and Times of the English Language .
It is difficult to make any sensible connection between the lives of authors and their creations.
Throughout his life, he fed on scraps--in particular, Irish literature, and magic.
Pilate, who was in real life so cruel that the Roman authorities had to remove him from the procuratorship of Judea, is, in Jesus' account of things, the detached Gentile observer who believes that the "King of the Jews" has done no wrong, and should be released.
The life cycle needs to be investigated.
National Rifle Association President Charlton Heston wisely declared this week that the presence of an armed guard might have saved the lives of Columbine High School students.
Issue 3, Bob Bennett's decision not to detail Paula Jones' love life for the court, is portrayed as the triumph of politics over sound legal strategy (Robert Novak, Capital Gang ; George Will).
And when the Thai-language wrestles with new words for alien imports like ice hard water or parachute umbrella for supporting life, some might be amused at how downright literal Thai can be or impressed at how admirably sensible it so often is.
sang Paul Lynde (and recalls Andrew Milner--you know, in his quiz response; he wasn't actually in the movie) in Bye Bye Birdie 's show-stopping musical number, "Kids," a look at teen-age life every bit as insightful as anything on the WB (if you can accept Paul Lynde as Ann-Margret's father).
In the interior, the most noteworthy of the surviving 13th-century stained-glass windows are the rose window above the western entrance, illustrating the life of the Virgin Mary, and the one devoted to the Creation in the north arm of the transept.
A dramatic LAT "Sunday Report" looks at four middle-class Turkish families who must rebuild their lives from scratch.
Or the terrible cycle of poor self-esteem, bad study habits, unfulfilled potential, and a life ultimately lived without hope.
Her magazines and TV shows retain just enough nonsense to make them irksome ("sew your own pashmina from home-raised llamas," and the like), but she supplies valuable instruction about the mundane tasks of life.
It is simply that the serious aspects of life are given their proper due before the fun can begin.
Depending on how much time you have, you may want to combine two or three of the regions in order to get a sense of the great diversity of French life: Paris and the wine country, the mountains, or the Atlantic or Mediterranean coasts.
Would Exley, who died seven years ago, feel pity and fear for the life Gifford now leads as the consort of monomaniacal talk show host and tabloid cover girl Kathie Lee Gifford?
Some of the more jaded characters act as if life is cheap, but Scorsese doesn't.
Book -- Suits Me: The Double Life of Billy Tipton , by Dianne Wood Middlebrook;
These biographies of Henri Matisse, Diego Rivera, and Salvador Dalí, all of them by British writers without backgrounds in art, represent alternative approaches to the problem of writing a painter's life.
Borrowing its framework from Citizen Kane , the movie follows a reporter (Christian Bale) assigned to reconstruct Slade's life and solve the mystery of his whereabouts.
If the phrase "soccer moms" has rapidly become part of the political lexicon, it may be because it is cleverly positioned at the intersection of several different trends--the rise of soccer as a middle-class pastime, the demanding lives of working women, the diversification of the suburbs, the popularity of the Dodge Caravan, and so on.
Three bottlers gave their lives for their country.
Lately a great deal has been made of Rauschenberg's discretion regarding his sex life, with critics zeroing in on Bed (1955), a combine that includes a paint- and pencil-enhanced pillow, quilt, and sheet; as well as Canyon (1959), which features, among other things, a mirror, a pillow in a noose, and a stuffed bald eagle in full wingspread.
Perhaps we surface-dwelling life forms are the exceptions--bizarre mutations of the normally deep-dwelling archeabacteria that populate the interiors of planets all over the galaxy.
Though it may be inefficient, I think it reasonable that each locality can set the legal conditions of its own economic life, as American states do with regard to taxation, infrastructure, and a thousand other economic issues.
Between June 21 and August 31, 45 youth will spend 20 hours a week developing life management and work ethic skills, learning the computer, visiting area colleges, and interacting with guest speakers.
Who's killin' us, robbin' us of life and light?"
America’s continuous social revolution has always had a prominent place in California life.
Each individual must define what's most important in his or her life, then calculate the best course to meet these goals.
293, "Sporting Life," said that Montreal's Olympic Stadium was filled with people watching a bloodless rodeo last weekend.
He is probably right about saving lives.
Life is good.
She's been searching for signs of extraterrestrial life ever since she was a little girl.
Federal civilian employees who don't commit felonies and don't cuss out their supervisors pretty much have a guaranteed job with guaranteed wages for life.
PBS, on the generally circulated details of a person's life.
Jonathan Pollard gave information to an ally, Israel, about a threat to that country's survival and he got life.
Without having read any interviews or reviews, I immediately grasped the film's stance on American life.
We support a human life amendment to the Constitution and we endorse legislation to make clear that the Fourteenth Amendment's protections apply to unborn children."
The quality of life survey queries the subject about 16 different aspects of life with a scale from 0 to 7 for each question.
Her dedicated efforts have improved the lives of countless poor Texans by opening for them the doors of our justice system.
Maybe you can remember a time in your own life when you were shown grace.
Even if he remains uncorrupted, the president will be immersed in the concerns only of the wealthy and will lose all feeling for the lives of everyone else.
Or they may be defined in terms of monetary amounts that become payable on the occurrence of a specified event, such as life insurance benefits.
Oligonucleotides were synthesized at a 50 nmol scale by Invitrogen/Life Technologies (Carlsbad, CA) or Operon Technologies (Alameda, CA), and resuspended in sterile milliQ water to a final concentration of 100 μM.
Transfection with dsRNAs was carried out with OligofectAMINE Reagent (Life Technologies) in OPTIMEM I (Life Technologies) as described by the manufacturer for adherent cell lines.
After 1 hr incubation at RT with 50 μl/well of biotinilated secondary antibodies, plates were developed with Eu-labelled Streptavidin (PerkinElmer Life Sciences, Boston, MA) followed by Enhancement solution (PerkinElmer Life Sciences) and read in a 1234 Delfia Fluorometer (PerkinElmer Life Sciences).
