My conversation with Stockdale had a profound influence on me, but I never really considered it a business lesson until my research team began to wrestle with the question of why some companies rise from difficulty to become great while others emerge from those exact same difficulties weakened and dispirited.
largely lost amidst the overwhelming Spanish influence, local leaders sought to rediscover their native roots and redefine what it meant to be a part of indigenous culture.
The Pan-Mayan movement thus benefits from the lasting influence of the popular left on Guatemalan governmental policies without risking drawing the (often negative) attention of the government (England 2003: 735, Warren 2003: 181).
This results in part from the ingrained influences of Spanish colonialism: Spanish continues to be associated with modernity and social mobility, whereas Maya is seen as backward and inferior.
Illiteracy and poverty is associated with Maya; thus there is the conflict between the desire to recapture the unique Mayan identity via the language and the need to improve living conditions, which most often occurs under Spanish influence.
Fault displacements of the surface at the time of an earthquake are obvious, and its influence on alluvial rivers can be observed.
However, this type of deformation can also be an important influence on river behavior.
Changes of valley-floor gradient provide an explanation of downstream pattern variations, but variations of valley-floor slope can be the result of several influences.
Nevertheless, anomalous reaches that are not related to artificial controls, tributary influences, lithologic change, or paleotectonics may reasonably be assumed to be the result of active tectonics until proved otherwise.
Lakes can also provide information on subsidence, and ria lakes can be evidence of tilting or even hydrologic and climatic influences.
From micro-level enactment we see macro-level influence and patterns, order and shape in the independent film industry.
Meanwhile, their influence on other project participants can be retained in the sponsoring company, or the host industry, or both.
all for the sake of protecting wholesaler profits by giving them unprecedented control and influence over the entire American alcohol industry.
Because of the new legitimacy Las Vegas acquired from Hughes’ investments, established companies such as Hilton Hotels bought into the gaming business, and their influence helped draw a line in the desert sand between legitimate operations and mob casinos, where illegal skimming of profits was rampant.
That, combined with the formation of the Nevada Gaming Control Board, would signal the beginning of the end for heavy mob influence in the city.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
Maxwell Miller, Le Gougne's lawyer in Salt Lake City, said no evidence of organized crime influence came up in her suspension hearings before the ISU "I think this situation vindicates the argument that we've made all along," he said.
Maxwell Miller, Le Gougne's lawyer in Salt Lake City, said no evidence of organized crime influence came up in her suspension hearings before the ISU "I think this situation vindicates the argument that we've made all along," he said.
However, the representatives were shunted to the side and ignored in Washington, since Youngstown’s political influence had died with its industry.
LORD CUTLER BECKETT: Your authority as governor, your influence in London, and your loyalty to the East India Trading Company.
There was such a brief consensus in the late 1890s, when both architects and the American public, under the influence of the immensely popular World’s Columbian Exposition, embraced Classicism, at least for public buildings.
This volte face gave rise to the so-called Brutalist style, which had a worldwide influence, shaping the work of architects as dissimilar as James Stirling and Paul Rudolph, and ultimately opening the door to Postmodern stylistic experiments such as Charles Moore’s little house in the Berkeley hills.
H. H. Richardson’s influence was considerably shorter-lived, but for at least 20 years Richardsonian Romanesque rolled over the United States like an “aesthetic Juggernaut,” in Cram’s colorful phrase.
Its influence now includes a legitimate downtown storefront; a sister shop in Albany ( Albany Bicycle Coalition ); movie screenings and pro-cycling political events; and a dedicated core crew that keeps everything rolling.
And that's a case where we need to use our influence to have countries in Africa come together and help deal with the situation.
