Thus, while Silicon Valley’s high rates of job mobility and new-firm formation lead to local losses for individual firms, they also foster a dynamic process of adaptation that spurs the evolution of the region.
Such therapy appears to be cost effective [ 15 16 ] , especially among high risk patients and is recommended under current American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines [ 17 ] . Fourth, it may not be possible to ascertain whether these findings apply to all patients with recent acute coronary syndromes regardless of baseline lipid levels.
I have really high expectations for the night and don't want to be disappointed.
The main reason why channel offset caused by the San Andreas fault is clear is the extremely high rate of displacement along the fault (20.3 mm/year, Brown and Wallace, 1968) and the relatively small size of streams crossing and flowing along the fault.
The fashion at that time was to wear very baggy pants with pegged legs, long jackets with high and sharp shoulder pads, thick-soled shoes, and long watch chains dangling from the belt.
As it turned to the deeper woods, elder giants rose above him: a beech, smooth bark a gray-green pennant hoisted on a slope and standing out between the dark, cracked trunks of the nearer trees; great pines, a few magnificent specimens still bearing the three-stroke symbol of the British King; a towering black birch, leaves impossibly high above him.
One of the most interesting sites in the New Territories is Tai Fu Tai, another rare survivor, this one a mansion that belonged to a Confucian high official.
Your neighborhood is also ready for Time Warner Cable’s Road Runner high speed online service.
The cheetah streaking after the wildebeest, the athletic genius high jumping, have the know-how to do it.
For one, it counters the high name recognition of Andrew M. Cuomo, McCall's opponent, by offering voters a straightforward introduction to the candidate, emphasizing his long list of high-level jobs in both the public and private sector.
Third, despite the high risk nature of enrolled patients (ie, electrocardiogram [ECG] changes and/or other objective evidence of ischemia), the rate of platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor utilization was quite low (1.
A plateau is a high form of flattery.
If the benefits are genuinely mutual, projects provide a basis for high commitment from both parties to the short-term employment contract.
My problem with carbon offsets and other voluntary measures is that given the finite amount of money, energy and attention we have to push for the environment, I feel like the opportunity cost of these measures is too high compared to policy-oriented actions, the citizen role that Gore referred.
high on Mt.
Muscatel is made from muscat grapes, is sometimes called muscat , and, being relatively cheap and sweet and high in alcohol content, is the booze of choice for a great many wines.
We do not believe it is reasonable to expect all the control technology installations to be completed in that time frame without very high costs and electricity reliability problems.
However, we feel certain that the diagnostic accuracy of our patient population was high, due to the fact that 5 out of a total of 7 IPF subjects included in our study underwent lung transplantation with confirmatory pathology results consistent with IPF.
Bilbainos refer to the museum as the “artichoke,” which comes close to describing it, if you can imagine a gleaming, metallic artichoke more than two hundred feet high.
You suggest that this is a bad law, that Sonoma County will never be associated with high quality wine in the way Napa County is.
Know your average transaction: Visa/MasterCard has special programs for high and low ticket transactions that can save you money.
The ceiling was high and wooden, and I could see part of a DJ’s booth down the hall.
I keep the thermostat high in the summer and low in the winter.
And now, growing numbers of dolphins with malignant tumors and high levels of toxic chemicals in their tissues are washing onto U.S. beaches.
Arenn stood high on the cliff, looking down at the smoldering ruins, the smoke blowing into the westward setting sun.
Gourmets award Macau high marks for dependable Chinese cooking with an exotic bonus: Portuguese food and wines.
Joyce, the high priest of literary Modernism, imagined and interpreted Dublin for the world in Ulysses (you’ll see references to it all over).
verage ratios were as high as 40 to 1, meaning for every $40 in assets, there was only $1 in capital to cover losses. Less than a 3% drop in 
Our Message Center needs to be re-set because of the high amount of Spam mails we receive daily.
Several weeks later he was asked — then ordered — to vacate the room to make room for high rollers, whereupon he promptly bought the property and fired the management.
Six large controlled population-based studies of non-smoking older adults have investigated the association between body mass index (BMI) and mortality, controlling for relevant covariates [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 ] . All studies found excess risk for persons with very low BMI, but that persons with moderately high BMI had little or no extra risk except in certain small subsets.
This chemical is in high demand here in UK and i found it very cheap in Asia precisely Malaysia.
The low concentration buffer (A) was 0.08 M NH 4 H 2 PO 4 (pH3.8), and the high concentration buffer (B) was 0.25 M NH 4 H 2 PO 4 (pH4.95) with 8 mM KCl. The gradient used was 4 min, 0-2.5% (B); 26 min, 2.5-25% (B).
Fore of the mint said the high price for the coin was reached "because it is one of a kind, it is beautiful and it has a great story.
After an overnight hybridization, the embryos were washed at high stringency in prewarmed 50% formamide, 5X SSC, 1% SDS (wash I) at 70°C for 90 minutes.
Also, pin debit can save you money if your average transaction is high enough.
Suddenly it stopped, and I had the sense I was very, very high up.
If IBM has miscalculated the demand, it will suffer badly as both the high operating costs and depreciation on the huge capital investment for the East Fishkill factory drag down earnings.
>If these embellishment prefix and postfix operators have a high >precedence and hence bind tightly to the adjacent operator then >I don't see any problems.
HMG CoA = 3-Hydroxy-3-methylgluatryl coenzyme A; MIRACL = Myocardial Ischemia Reduction with Aggressive Cholesterol Lowering; LDL = low density lipoprotein; RR = relative risk; CI = confidence interval; HDL = high density lipoprotein; PTCA = percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty; CABG = coronary artery bypass graft; ECG = electrocardiogram; A-2-Z = Aggrastat to Zocor; ACS = acute coronary syndrome; PROVE IT = Pravastatin or Atorvastatin Evaluation and Infection Therapy.
Finally, as greenhouse gas emissions are projected to grow exponentially in the developing world in the next two decades, we must evaluate the costs of imposing domestic reductions as a very high cost against potentially low-cost opportunities for mitigating and sequestering carbon emissions in the developing world.
If you plan to visit during May, the carnival atmosphere of the Cheung Chau Bun Festival, with its high bamboo-and-paper towers covered in sticky buns, will fascinate the young ones.
A guy with a bottle-shaped brown paper bag, damp and wrinkled at its upper end, has almost certainly been slugging down a sweet wine of high proof, and the odds are pretty good you would find it is a muscadoodle .
They propose that people with high self-efficacy--people who believe that failure is the result of insufficient effort, and thus exhibit increased commitment and persistence--will achieve more of their goals than people with low self-efficacy, who tend to view failure as the result of deficient ability, and thus may simply give up.
Although this is a possibility, the age-related shift in PG production has only been shown at very high cell passages and has not been documented in vivo .
You seem to have high hopes for her.
Now within sight of where he had left his wife, Jake was surprised to see a cowboy, with his hands high in the air.
To exit, Antie will seek a high temperature until the photoreceptor reaches a threshold of stimulation indicating sunlight, and to get deeper, Antie will seek a lower temperature.
Like other metals (Ca 2+and Mg 2+), free VO 2+inhibited the nucleotidase activities of sCD39 at high concentration (data not shown).
Note: that we were not instructed to email you, but due to the high priority of your package we had to inform you as your sender did not leave us with his phone number because he stated that he just arrived Nigeria and he has not gotten a phone yet.
I know this revelation will keep you wondering why should I trust you with this informations I am about to reveal to you or if what I am saying is the truth especially with the high level of scam mails going around all over the internet, please I need you to trust and believe me if you can.
A message that contains characters with the high bit set CANNOT BE US-ASCII, and therefore, a text/plain message without a charset= label in it that has such characters IS NOT LEGAL MIME.
The high quality of the seam on Milos ensured that the area remained popular with early travelers.
Following the suggestion of President Theodore Roosevelt, the sculptor Augustus Saint-Gaudens redesigned the coin in 1907 in high relief, forever after giving the coins the designation "saints.
At 934 m (3,064 ft), Lantau Peak is high enough to attract the occasional rain cloud — refreshingly cool breezes blow on most hot summer days.
Macau’s population is estimated at around 450,000, an appallingly high figure for such a small area; recent land reclamation has eased the situation to some extent.
Frankly, if I was making high end wine from the "Sonoma Valley", "Sonoma Mountain" or "Sonoma Coast" AVAs that depended in part on the quality recognition that comes wtih these AVAs, I'd be pissed that I'm forced now to put a place-name on my label that told my buyers nothing of real value about the wine behind my label and, in some cases, demonstrably lowered its perceived quality.
The high pace of technology and product life cycles, fluidity of firm formation and failure, rapid employee turnover resulting in little com-pany-specific socialisation, as well as a lack of meaningful institutionally based hierarchy, all contribute to an environment in which individuals rely on alternative cues to guide their behaviour.
5 embryo revealed a high level of Gad1 expression throughout the mesenchyme and neural epithelium in the caudal portion of the tailbud (figure 1F).
Coleco Industries Inc., a once high-flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $65 a share in the early 1980s, filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders.
Granted, the likelihood that I'm suffering from the identitarian equivalent of presentism is awfully high, but I honestly thought I'd written some of the posts from early 2009 in 2006 or so.
I just finished insulating my house and installed high efficiency windows and HVAC.
Both of our cars are high mpg and rarely used.
If these embellishment prefix and postfix operators have a high precedence and hence bind tightly to the adjacent operator then I don't see any problems.
Melody sat up high in a tree, grieving again for the loss of her trainer, Jayden.
and yes, sad but true, any SMTPs will strip the high bit)
The interest will be quite high, I think.
The pattern of liver enzyme abnormalities is shown in Figure 1. None of the patients with abnormal liver function tests had clinical evidence of muscle involvement that could explain the high levels of amino-transferases.
Atorvastatin also significantly reduced total and LDL cholesterol and triglyceride levels but did not significantly change high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol by 16 weeks.
There the Ark rested until it was placed in the Temple, built in approximately 960 b.c. on Mt. Moriah, the high point at the northern end of the city.

and a little sick John Randolph Medical Center is hosting a RN invitational.
be it low or high.
Go around the barn at high noon to avoid colloquialisms.
