Cornell found a number of employment options that he never dreamed existed after a work-site injury forced him out of his job at a foundry.
Last year, Goodwill placed 511 people in jobs, more than double the number we placed in 1993.
The numbers of children who deserve our services are rising... as quickly as our programs can grow to serve them.
We have met with a number of successes along the way, most notably the Summer Fun Line, the Metro Summer Bus Pass, and the development of ten neighborhood youth councils.
This is an impressive number; but for each girl served, more are left unserved.
A limited number of credits are available.
After the attacks had occurred, while crisis managers were still sorting out a number of unnerving false alarms, Air Force One flew to Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana.
Though a number of agencies had some part of the task, none had security as its primary mission.
Within about two months of the start of combat operations, several hundred CIA operatives and Special Forces soldiers, backed by the striking power of U.S. aircraft and a much larger infrastructure of intelligence and support efforts, had combined with Afghan militias and a small number of other coalition soldiers to destroy theTaliban regime and disrupt al Qaeda.
Again, I do not have all of the information for July and August, so I cannot give you any numbers.
Airfields have been constructed on a number of the islands, and road systems have been expanded and im proved.
Half a million civilians died in the Galilee and Judea as a result of this first revolt against Rome, a number unequaled in ancient warfare.
 
A number of poignant Yiddish words defy genuine translation into English:
One rapidly runs out of hands and must resort to fingers and toes, for after years of laboriously categorizing these languages, the number of different main branches (called families and subfamilies) came to about ten.
(That was the number listed when I received my copy; it might have increased.)
All in all, for a relatively primitive system, it is not too bad; but you would have to be in love with your computer to use it in preference to a far more complete books of synonyms available (especially The Synonym Finder , Rodale in the U.S. and Canada, Longman elsewhere, which offers more than 800,000 synonyms, more than three times the number listed in any other synonym book).
Assumption (1) is a fairly general analytical concept, i.e. the closer data is to the measurement threshold, the higher the variability is in that measurement [ 12 19 ] . Assumption (2) appears to be empiricaly valid when surveying the literature for high-density microarray experiments which evaluate severe biological events, from caloric restriction [ 20 21 ] to apoptosis [ 22 23 ] . In these experiments [ 20 21 22 23 ] , regardless of the gene selection method used, less than 5% of the total number of genes probed were differentially regulated.
The NYT lead sees "war fever" gripping Congress as it's told by Defense's William Cohen that if diplomacy fails, the U.S. will wage a "significant" military campaign against Iraq, which turns out to mean a sustained air war, but no substantial number of ground troops.
Therefore, estimates of temporal stability for the 8 analytes were calculated for the total number of samples and for the first and second batches separately.
Figure 2shows the number of lost and acquired genes estimated, for each group of genomes considered.
Our previous analysis reported decreased DP cell number and increased apoptosis in both the pre-DP and DP stages in these mutants [ 29 ] . DP cell numbers in both this and our previous study were decreased 10-fold in the Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-compound mutants.
About 5 million families now think the satellite dish is worthwhile, and the number is growing.
As sequencing gaps are filled, this number may increase.
The pay is low to nonexistent, the number of scowls from others enough to darken any day.
47 Thus, although Internet retailing will certainly grow as a channel of distribution, the most essential longer term developments will involve the expansion of lean retailing principles to a wider and wider variety of goods sold by a decreasing number of major retailers.
The normal intima of the synovium is one to two cells thick and consists mainly of macrophage-like and fibroblast-like cells [ 3 ] . In inflammation, macrophages make a large contribution to intimal thickening, where these cells increase in number and proportion [ 3 ] . Evidence indicates that intimal macrophages arrive via the circulation as monocytes [ 4 ] , and it is proposed that increased numbers of intimal macrophages in RA are largely attributed to enhanced monocyte recruitment from blood vessels in the synovium [ 1 5 ] . Neutrophils are also recruited in RA and can be found in abundance in synovial fluid, yet they occur in relatively low numbers in the synovium [ 5 ] . In synovial fluid their number can reach 10 6per joint, particularly during an active phase of the disease [ 6 ] . Neutrophils occur at the pannus-cartilage junction [ 7 ] and it is presumed that these cells reach the joint cavity by migrating from the blood vessels in the synovium, following a chemotactic gradient.
They've tried to impact it before in a number of ways, wrongfully, irresponsibly."
[ 23 ] have shown that this assay provides linearity between optical density and cell number.
Because the proportion of incidental detection among cases undergoing a TURP was not associated with age, we multiplied in each age category for each year 1985 through 1997 the proportion 0.6786 by the total number of age- and year-specific TURPs recorded among cases to get an estimate of the number of TURPs that led to a prostate cancer diagnosis.
DNA pooling is a practical way to reduce the cost of large-scale case-control association studies, because it allows measurement of allele frequencies in groups (or pools) of individuals, thereby reducing the number of PCR reactions and genotyping assays dramatically.
This number represents the most reliable, albeit conservative, estimate of cases closed in 1999 by LSC grantees.
(The element with atomic number 61 is not found naturally, and this number was allocated to promethium , when proof of its existence was confirmed by American chemists, who named it for Prometheus, in Greek mythology the earliest teacher and benefactor of mankind.)
Although short-term application of high PEEP did not significantly change pH i , it is conceivable that longer durations or higher numbers of patients would have led to more prominent reductions and statistically significant differences.
So even using the old numbers, most families in 1950 had a material standard of living no better than that of today's poor or near-poor.
The sequence comparisons among TUGs probably underestimate the number of duplicated genes because sequence data are incomplete.
Thus, as with the comparison between evolutionary rates and the number of interactions, no substantial relationship between long-term evolutionary conservation of S. cerevisiae proteins and the number of interactions was found.
Variation in the number of perfused capillaries and local differences in the vasodilator response characteristics of vessels cause local differences in blood flow of up to sixfold [ 17].
T is the number of total mapped EST clones derived from all non-tumor tissue libraries.
number of innovative practices were noted that may have broader implications.
In fiscal year 2000, the number of times that GAO's senior executives testified before the Congress and the rate at which our recommendations were implemented exceeded that of most recent years.
It could reflect properties of the spontaneous DNA damages, the replication fork, the number of replication forks, the number of chromosomes, the organization and structure of the chromosomes, the repair machinery, or the availability of homologous chromosomes for repair.
Assigning function by sequence homology alone is subject to a number of caveats, including the occurrence of structurally homologous enzymes that catalyze different reactions [ 3] and the propagation of error through successive rounds of sequence annotation [ 4].
The occurrence of "transitory" fibers was also associated with a decline in the number of fibers exhibiting the type II staining only, which suggests a type II into type I transition.
Specifically, these primers are derived from the cDNA clones at the following nucleotide numbers: #511 - #528 and #1066 - #1083 (accession number of the cDNA clone is M22489) for BMP-2 [ 21 ] ; #923 - #942 and #1341 - #1360 (accession number D63860) for BMP-3 (Kangawa, unpublished); #878 - #897 and #1292 - #1311 (accession number D49494) for BMP-3b [ 3 ] ; #737 - #757 and #1181 - #1200 (accession number Z22607) for BMP-4 [ 22 ] ; #6 - #25 and #475 - #494 (accession number U66298) for BMP-6 (Knittel et al.
Between January 1994 and February 1996, the number of families on welfare nationwide fell by 8.5 percent.
In this article we focus on a number of cases where at least several trp genes are linked, thus providing analytical advantages offered by the analysis of more than one gene.
It's not just USAT that puts such a high premium on sports--according to a story the Nation's Newspaper runs inside, in the annual AP poll of U.S. newspaper editors and broadcasters, the runaway number one story of the year was You Know What, but number two was the McGwire-Sosa home run race.
The other islands, called the Family Islands by the government but generally referred to as the Out Islands by the tourist trade, have not shared this huge growth in numbers of visitors.
A number of molecular chaperones are retained in the ER, due to a conserved signal sequence at the C-terminal end of the protein, (KDEL), which binds to a receptor in the Golgi apparatus [ 15 ] . More recently, however molecular chaperones bearing the ER retention signal have been localized to the surface of different cell types.
Number of organisms per test chamber
We also calculated the number of bands that overlap randomly placed groups (with the same sizes as the real groups).
We were particularly interested in minimizing the number of genotypes that appeared to be associated with two closely located recombination events - what are sometimes referred to as double-recombinant haplotypes.
The symmetric distance is the number of partitions that are found in one tree but not the other.
Pitfalls Not collecting the right amount of data; not examining the right number of sites; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias
We analyzed chromosomal regions (500 kb bins) for which the difference between L1 number and gene number was maximal, yet the proportion of sequence in the region occupied by genes was less than 60%.
The assemblies that were identical in the number of component sequences were generally small clusters.
In addition, we examine each peptide for significant differences in the expected frequency of amino acids and the number of times a specific peptide sequence has been repeated.
Figure 5illustrates the relationship between adjusted p values and the number of genes being tested.
Nevertheless, the good St. D., retired, is still occupying a good number of my cerebral neurons and synapses.
In this period, a number of key technological changes appeared: sewing machines that made many more stitches a minute, long knives instead of shears for cutting, and pressing machines.
Big savior: the decrease in the number of boys aged 15 to 21.
The number of hard-core cocaine and heroin users, between 2.5 million and 3 million, has been stable during the Clinton years.
The total number of human genes is estimated at between 60,000 and 120,000.
This administrative coordination reduced “the number of transactions involved in the flow of goods, increased the speed and regularity of that flow, and so lowered costs and improved the productivity of the American distribution system.”
Some investments in heritage assets, for example national parks, will be reported by both 1) the number of physical units identified as national parks in the heritage assets category, and by 2) the number of acres used as a park or an historic site in the stewardship land category (see Chapter 4 of this document).
The number of AQPs in the Arabidopsis genome - 35 - compares with the presence of, for example, 15 potassium channels and 15 proton/metal antiport systems in the Arabidopsis genome.
OMB approved the information collections and issued control numbers 3235-0464, -0465, -0466, -0467, -0201, -0418, and -0071 for the requirements.
With piracy at an end, a number of towns and villages grew up along the shoreline, and the extension of the railway line to Almería in 1899 promoted the early development of the eastern region.
F. Number of Americans who've dozed during a Kevin Costner movie.
After January 1, 2000, the Administrator shall allocate annually for each unit, subject to theemissions limitation requirements of paragraph (1), which is located in a State with an installed electrical generating capacity of more than 30,000,000 kw in 1988 and for which was issued a prohibition order or a proposed prohibition order (from burning oil), which unit subsequently converted to coal between January 1, 1980 and December 31, 1985, allowances equal to the difference between (A) the product of the unit's annual fuel consumption, on a Btu basis, at a 65 percent capacity factor multiplied by the lesser of its actual or allowable emissions rate during the first full calendar year after conversion, divided by 2,000, and (B) the number of allowances allocated for the unit pursuant to paragraph(1): Provided, That the number of allowances allocated pursuant to this paragraph shall not exceed an annual total of five thousand.
The maximum number of consecutive days also was calculated for the same three parameters.
Indeed, a recent report is consistent with this idea in suggesting that the number of protein-protein interactions significantly affects rates of evolution [ 4 ] . However, upon investigation of this relationship at multiple levels of evolutionary relatedness, we found that there was only a slight correlation, at best, between evolutionary rates and the number of protein-protein interactions.
Thus motif overlaps are allowed and weighted according to how well they explain the data, and multiple weak copies of a factor are all counted [ 5 12 ] . Our background model is a Markov model fit to all triples of bases in the window and accounts for local compositional variation which could otherwise push up the representation of any matrix that matched one of the high copy number base triples (eg hb matches poly A tracts).
It is notable that glomeruli and collecting ducts are distinguished from other segments by high number of adherent cells.
Widely quoted in this form, this number implies that the experts are confident that the result is not 75 million or 77 million, but is somewhere between 75.
Despite efforts to increase the national supply, the number of patients dying in the US while awaiting solid organ transplantation has risen from six per day at the start of the study period, to 10 per day currently [ 1, 5].
One should recall that the TCR mice express a CD4-restricted TCR, and thus produce increased numbers of anti-Tag CD4 T cells, and thus we anticipated a bias in numbers toward this T cell type.
Its twin objectives are to dramatically increase the number of low-income Americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients receive quality legal services.
The red macroalga, Champia parvula, test is acceptable if survival is 100%, and the mean number of cystocarps per plant should equal or exceed 10.
Are we to conclude that people got along without the number five for a hundred years before someone, perhaps feeling that “something was missing,” awoke one morning to invent it?
The total number of clones in the primary library is 6.75 × 10 6(that is, all five packaging reactions).
You must include your address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
Such differences in the two major histologies have also been reported previously for DAPK , HIC1 , and APC genes [ 13 ] . However, we found CDH1 promoter methylation restricted to SCC in the present study, while Dong et al found methylation in both histological types [ 13 ] . This difference may be due to small number of AC patients we studied.
The false discovery rate (FDR) was computed as the ratio of the estimated number of "falsely significant" probe sets to the total number of "significant" probe sets.
However, the amino terminus of C/EBPα also functionally interacts with a number of other factors [ 31 45 46 ] , any of which might contribute to proliferation arrest.
where k is the number of genes in the group, G is the total number of genes, n is the number of genes in the group with a given annotation and A is the total number of genes with a given annotation.
Moreover, a number of transcripts previously found by alternative technologies to respond to NGF treatment, showed similar changes in our SAGE profiling study.
The unplanned poorly drained and rural stratas (Strata 4 and 5, respectively) had the highest number of reported malaria cases, and the two planned strata (Strata 1 and 2) had the least.
