Contoured metallic parts glided and folded out over me, emerging from the wall and pushing me back in with them.
The android folded his arms, utterly stumped.
Sandra shrank down the hallway, folding her shoulders over her torso.
It functioned like a Spinning Wheel, twisting fibers of time space and folding them on a molecular level to create what he called “Newmatter.
Mutation of W187A in ACR3 affected CD39 folding and translocation, while mutation of W459A in ACR5 increased ATPase activity but diminished ADPase activity [ 14 ] .
While fault displacements are obvious, movements of the land surface by folding can be slow.
We discussed ideas for folding and unfolding expressions.
When folded the given name would be shown in place of the subexpression itself.
“It’s from Mitch,” she said, folding up the phone.
Percolation means that it is possible to find two sequences with almost no sequence identity which fold into the same structure, and which are connected by a path of mutant sequences that also fold into the same structure.
Q: Isn't this change a sign that you're getting desperate, that Microsoft is losing interest, that you're about to fold, that the end is nigh, strange and dreadful diseases are about to ravage the population, the stock market is going to tank, Linda Tripp will get her own TV talk show, and so on?
In the presence of the EGFR, ligand activation of LPA and ET-1 receptors did not increase EGFR phosphorylation even though both the LPA and ET-1 receptors stimulated ERK activity by 10-fold over basal [ 27 ] . Specifically, key protein intermediates may be physically associated with endogenous RTKs in HEK-293 cells, and therefore, down-regulation of the EGFR may negatively affect ERK phosphorylation by opioids.
At best, paper's materiality creates an unjustified impression of trustworthiness; at worst, paper can be folded into an airplane that can poke someone's eye out.
The type of folding (Figure 2.1) will affect a river similar to the various types of faulting, but changes will probably be less abrupt.
The plate, by the way, was already loaded with folded pieces of smoked pink fish, paprika-dusted deviled eggs, toothpicks stabbed through green vegetables and slices of cheese, and balls of meat smothered in a tomato-based sauce.
Ray, he looked down at his hands, folded together in his lap, fingers interlaced.
As the Balkans flared to war once again, Greek nationalism has stirred, and there have been discussions in the kafeneion about the land of Macedonia returning to the fold of its forefathers.
E174 in ACR3 and S218 in ACR4 are required for catalytic function [ 12 ] . Substitution of H59 in ACR1 converted CD39 into an ADPase in a quaternary structure dependent manner [ 13 ] . Mutation of W187A in ACR3 affected CD39 folding and translocation, while mutation of W459A in ACR5 increased ATPase activity but diminished ADPase activity [ 14 ] . Mutations of D62 and G64 of ACR1 and D219 and G221 of ACR4 demonstrated that the nucleotide phosphate binding domains of NTPDases are similar to those present in the actin/heat shock protein/sugar kinase superfamily [ 15 ] . These results suggest that the conserved residues of the ACR1 to 5 regions are involved in the catalytic mechanism of CD39.
AsTeR also implemented a fairly straight-forward naming algorithm for giving meaningful names to sub-expressions e.g. "lower constraint 1" and denominator 3" etc.
However, even without the intelligence to recognize two semantically equivalent instances of a subexpression, "variable substitution" or "folding" as Dave refers to it in his minutes is *really* useful for speech and I suspect it would be very useful for small visual displays.
If genes with a mean intensity expression level of less than 1000 are removed from the analysis (top five rows, Table 2), and the array fold changes of the remaining 19 genes are plotted against the slot blot fold changes, a very strong correlation is evident (linear regression r 2= 0.8567) (Figure 2E).
Finally, the SCOP classification of protein structures by fold (Figure 4a) and by family (Figure 4b) provides a convenient way to catalog the relative occurrences of structures in A. thaliana . With respect to folds, the membrane all-alpha fold, alpha-alpha superhelix and protein kinase-like (PK-like) fold ranked highest.
