I am curious as well as confused.
The curious twist in this last addition to the Constitution is that although it was finally ratified by three-fourths of the states in 1993, it was originally proposed by James Madison two hundred years earlier.
Train your eyes upwards as you walk through the old town to take in the details, e.g., a curious hanging sign, a lantern, or an unusual sculpture.
(An archaeological aside: The entwining of Bible, printing press, and popular literacy reveals itself in a curious fact from the New World.
(If you are genuinely curious about the answers, click .)
Unlike the novelist, who invents (supposedly) his characters, or the historian, who grapples with a populous cast, the biographer enters into a curious intimacy with the person being written about, a relationship charged with ambivalence, resentment, love, dependency, and all the myriad other emotions that crowd in whenever we allow ourselves to become intimate with another.
Later, if you're curious about what these components are and how Microsoft decided which components belong to Internet Explorer, read two key documents, both written by David Cole, the Microsoft vice president in charge of the Internet Client and Collaboration Division.
In this case it seems curious indeed that the operon contains trpEb_2.
About 4 km (2.5 miles) north of Viñales, the Cueva del Viñales is a curious bar and disco carved out of a cave; amazingly, it’s open 24 hours.
Tucked within the forest is the celebrated, fantastically ornate Hotel Palace do Buçaco (see page 175), formerly a royal summer retreat, and a curious stone monastery, the Mosteiro dos Carmelitas.
German Qingdao suffered a curious fate during World War I. Japan, which joined the Allied forces, invaded the city, imprisoned the survivors of the German garrison, and occupied Qingdao for the duration of the war.
Another curious enigma about Columbus that has baffled historians is that no reliable likeness of him has ever survived.
The statues in the main shrine represent Man, the god of literature, and Mo, the god of war, a curious juxtaposition.
"By a curious paradox Richard Nixon was one of the very few people who emerged from the Watergate affair with credit."
But it is curious that these actresses should be attacked instead of encouraged in their efforts to change.
But I'm most curious about what you think.
his book, with its curious title, Investigations, seeks new questions about the universe.
But these individual successes can't disguise the very <b>curious</b> reality that we're living in a world that is somehow saturated by the media without actually paying all that much attention to it.
Both stories (and isn't it curious that both papers would independently front such a soft feature?) note that there is a rich Arab tradition of leaders going out in mufti, with the overall feeling being that this is a quaint feature of a veil- and robe-enmeshed culture.
The wolf whom Pollak is so eager to cook had a curious way of landing himself in the soup.
Note, too, Johann Hummel’s curious study in perspective, a painting of the granite bowl which can still be seen in Berlin’s Lustgarten, in front of the Altes Museum.
A few minutes later, Stephanie Trotter, a local NBC reporter, asked the candidates, "Gentlemen, I'm curious.
Work in this laboratory has shown lags in neuromuscular development associated with excessive zinc exposure during neural tube formation and, possibly, accompanying narrowing of the vertebral arches [ 26 ] . Another curious finding of this study is that widening of the vertebral arch occurs with either the GABAa agonist muscimol or the antagonist bicuculline.
This doesn't mean that the bond market is any less efficient than the stock market, though it does seem a bit curious.
In a curious bit of marketing, the offer of $10 off on Mother's Day flowers doesn't expire until July 31.
They found the same curious biology in the majority of beavers from three other locations as well.
It’s a lovely 3 km- (2 mile-) stroll down from the Porta Nuova, and is a point of pilgrimage for those curious to see the wooden crucifix that spoke to a troubled 27-year-old Francis in 1209, telling him to go and repair the world.
The famous Farmers’ Market at Third and Fairfax is a curious mixture of old folks, tourists, and hip Hollywood types who crowd the excellent and inexpensive food stands and stalls that sell meat, cheese, chocolate, baked goods, and produce.
In 15 or so calls to the Helpdesk, I encountered only one person who sounded annoyed rather than curious (and even, dare I say, gleeful) at the fact I was firing up Linux.
It is a curious but perhaps essential dimension of the Ralph Ellison literary myth that he published only one novel, Invisible Man , and that his entire authority as a writer and intellectual rests on this work, which whites felt brought black writing of age, beyond mere protest and sociology.
He was an older man, this baker, and he wore a curious apron, a heavy thing with loops that went under his arms and around his back and then crossed in front again where they were tied in a very thick knot.
The small, lovely cloister has curious, rather Arab-style arches.
I was born in the South of two Southern parents but raised mainly on Army posts, curious nonplaces that, even when located in the South, feel more like Ohio than like Alabama or Georgia or North Carolina.
The same goes for specialty, which has yielded over the years to specialization . The curious point is that this trend seems to go against Zipf's Law, which notes that syllables get trimmed off words over the years.
It is this obsession, which far exceeds anything I have ever encountered in any scholar (and scholars and intellectuals have no little ego and no little ambition), this need to have his fingerprints everywhere, that I find curious but that I also think, ultimately for Gates, is destructive of the very end he probably wants to achieve.
What is curious about Africana is that they both--Gates and Appiah--are doing a book that I think, in its current manifestation, is beneath them.
"There is a curious antiquarian feeling, in fact, to the whole leering enterprise," says The New Yorker 's Anthony Lane.
The one shocker in the book is the revelation of Eisner's heart-and-soul belief that those who criticize Disney simply don't understand it and that "the company's good is unquestionably, inextricably intertwined with the larger social good" (Richard Schickel, the Los Angeles Times ). (For the biography of another "awkward, toothy, curious, and good-spirited Everyman" at Disney, read Goofy's official bio.
Notwithstanding, many people derive enjoyment from wallowing in peculiar, curious, and unfamiliar words, which often provide a source of amusement.
But I found it curious that he ignored a relevant phenomenon that he described so clearly in The Moral Animal : the mother-offspring conflict over weaning.
In typical Beaux-Arts fashion, the façade manages to appear both grandly monumental and coolly rational, except for a curious row of little doorways high up the wall, which lack balconies or even railings and open into mid-air.
The guild's gentler cohesion and lack of obvious international hierarchies have contributed to its marked success and <b>curious</b> anonymity.
But they would prefer to be trekking across the wildflower-pocked tundra, wading through 35-degree glacial muck, spending hours -looking, or exploring tidal pools for sunflower stars and brittle stars, spiny sea urchins, mussel worms, anemones, and blennies, as curious and brightly colored as any on a tropical coral reef.
In simplified computer models of sandpiles (though not, apparently, in all real sandpiles), a curious pattern emerges.
Fresh from a demi-generation of people calling their offspring Moonflower and Droplet, they are jumping, or being pulled, on to the latest bandwagon as a result of that curious human trait which makes people want to be twee and different.
It is not in the slightest way suggested that picking up citations from other works is in any way curious or reprehensible—anyone would be a fool to research any subject without relying on the scholarship that has gone before—but one would have expected the DARE to be found among books like Farmer and Henley's Dictionary of Slang and Its Analogues , Chapman's New Dictionary of Slang , Wentworth and Flexner's Dictionary of American Slang , and the others listed.
This is a curious book.
Always curious about technological innovation, Degas may have been excited by the new colors made available by the chemical industry at century's end.
I was alive at a time when pot was part of the culture, I was curious, and you know what, it was pretty damn cool.
I'll be curious about your Voice nostalgia.
This is a rather curious twist in seeking to understand the president whose thinking and rhetoric were probably more influenced by the biblical idiom than the writings of any other president.
3. "Most curious headline of the week , from the Times : 'GM Presses Bid for Daewoo, Vowing to Preserve Its Identity .' I don't know.
"I was curious about what was going on," he said.
There's a curious ellipsis in the WP when it quotes Republican Rep.
One of the curious things about what Jake Weisberg aptly calls the "Do Dim Bulbs Make Good Presidents?"
What's especially curious about this is that one would have thought this was a conclusion a supposedly ardent devotee of the free market would have reached a long time ago.
Mostly I am concerned that my nieces' reputations will suffer when they return home to the inevitable questions from curious friends.
In a curious way, the unfinished state of the novel complements the inherent and intentional incompleteness of the underlying story.
Then she said, "Our viewers are curious."
(Lily gossips some with her sister, an annoyingly perky single creature, but goes on and on about her fears of dating with her daughters; Rick mostly keeps things to himself, but is interrogated by curious children.)
Often this has a warning note, like Lady Fan Todd dressed to death and killed with fashion is one, so is the curious Children's tongues will cut your throat with a bar of soap or hang you with a yard of cotton.
