With all respect, that seems a highly debatable issue and one far too complex for this discussion, though we can certainly trace a diminution in the role of female divinities (or divinity) when we come to examine Judaism and its congeners and progeny.
Neurite length was assessed by tracing the neurite using the straight-line tool in NIH Image.
The manufacturer might also have the patterns cut out from stiff fiberboard so that the individual pieces can be traced by hand onto a large sheet of paper.
The ancient legend of La Llorona has been traced to pre-Columbian times in Mexico, and there is continuing discussion whether it may also have medieval European origins.
The model we have today can be traced all the way back to the early 1970s (back to the Trueblood Committee).
The “encyclopedic” character of the book, then, cannot be traced to the handful of listings and diagrams in the back matter--structure of the United Nations, genealogical table of British sovereigns, and other dull material easily found in other sources; it must lie in the text itself.
Additional algorithms for tracing subclade conservation through parents or children of a specific subclade (Figure 3a) and subclade conservation comparisons (Figure 2a,2c) are also implemented.
Nearby, the Marine Museum of Upper Canada (Exhibition Place, just west of Princes’ Gate) traces the history of shipping on the St. Lawrence River and the Great Lakes, with all the brass and wooden paraphernalia of the old vessels in addition to some beautiful scale models.
Previous studies have shown that truncation of the highly acidic carboxy-region BRCT resulted in resistance to caspase induced apoptosis [ 17 ] . Further, this failure of apoptosis was traced specifically to caspase 8 and the Fas/FasL pathway.
Organic phosphate compounds are the central metabolites of all biological systems [ 1 2 ] . Some are the basic building blocks of nucleic acids, some like ATP and GTP, are additionally, cellular energy stores, others like cAMP or cGMP are messengers in signal transduction, and, yet others, such as FAD, NAD, thiamine phosphates and pyridoxal phosphate are cofactors for a range of enzymes [ 1 2 ] . Protein domains belonging to a relatively small set of structural folds are known to bind or catalyze reactions that utilize these organic phosphate compounds (see SCOP database: http://scop.mrc-lmb.cam.ac.uk/scop/) [ 3 4 ] . Several of these folds trace back to some of the earliest phases of the evolution of the protein world, and participate in a wide range of disparate biological functions in extant proteins [ 4 5 ] . Some folds, such as the P-loop fold, the Rossmann fold and the Hsp70-like fold, have been well studied, and comprise mainly of dedicated nucleotide binding or hydrolyzing proteins [ 6 7 8 9 ] . Others, such as the palm-domain, which is found in adenylyl cyclases and various nucleic acid polymerases, belong to more generalized protein folds that contain representatives with diverse biochemical activities [ 4 10 11 ] . Current availability of extensive genome sequence data, allows one to identify less numerous, nevertheless biological important organic phosphate-binding domains that may have previous eluded detection.
The reenactment of Las Posadas is an ancient tradition that can be traced back to the early conquest in Mexico and to the christianization of the Aztecs by the Augustine priests.
According to a NYT front-pager, the San Francisco Department of Health has traced an outbreak of syphilis to an America Online chat room.
At the adjacent Constitution Museum you can computer skipper the Constitution through some of her famous battles and trace the route she took on her round the world trade mission in 1844.
Smythsons outlets can be traced via a toll-free number, (800) 345-6839.
In contrast to lacZ expression, which cannot be easily detected in living tissue, the EYFP and ECFP reporter strains (together with the GFP reporter strains currently available) will be very useful for monitoring the expression of Cre in living tissues, or tracing the lineage of these cells and their descendants, in cultured embryos or organs.
When the layout is done by hand through tracing on a sheet of paper, there is always a temptation for the operator to tilt a particular piece a bit more, squeezing it into the marker or “shrinking” the silhouette of some of the pieces to get them all on the marker.
This made it possible to trace the origin of micropodia and ultramicroextensions.
Set in 17 th -century Delft, the "outstanding" (Denise Kersten, USA Today ) novel traces the singular life of a girl working as a servant in the home of painter Jan Vermeer.
See the introductory film and then look at the 25 exhibits that trace the career of John F. Kennedy using rare film and television footage, documents, and personal memorabilia.
The importance of knowing the branching order of these species is illustrated by the immediate and wide acceptance of the Ecdysozoa hypothesis and its use in tracing patterns of developmental evolution [ 5 6 7 10 ] . However, in the initial analysis of 18S rRNA sequences [ 3 ] , Ecdysozoa was statistically significant only when a paralinear distance method was used; three other methods did not yield significant bootstrap support.
The CIA and Energy Department spins: The evidence is thin, and there's no way to trace what really happened.
According to a National Institutes of Health report, 70 percent of impotence cases among older men can be traced to cardiovascular problems.)
He allowed himself to succumb to the intrigue and, using his imagination and talent for research, traced out the other eleven days' worth of gifts as a solution to a conundrum.
When I first read [in XX, 3, BIBLIOGRAPHIA that A Dictionary of American Proverbs contains data on the recording of the proverbs and that it contains historical information on earliest appearances: for example, Money is the root of all evil is traced to Aelfric's Homilies (c. 1000), I assumed that the original statement, The love of money is the root of all evil, was not being traced back there.
Just around the corner and up a curving alleyway of vendors, the Great Mosque (Qingzhensi) traces its history to a.d. 742.
An immense essay by Editor in Chief Martin Peretz traces Zionism's triumphant history, beginning with the 1897 Basel conference.
Nerve fibers can be traced into the sensory epithelium of P0 and P8 Brn3c null mutants past the habenula perforata and there is a normal location of spiral sensory neurons in Rosenthal's canal in the apex of P8 Brn3c null mutants (Fig.
Driving east from Vancouver on the Trans-Canada Highway and following the Fraser River north to its tributary, the Thompson, you are backtracking along the great exploration route traced by intrepid fur traders from the prairies to the Pacific.
traces the word from an episode of the comic strip “Buck Rogers in the 25th Century” written by Philip Francis Nowlan in 1929--“Ahead of me was one of those golden dragon Mongols, with a deadly disintegrator ray.
' ” To the best of our recollection, this may be the only instance in which the origin of an expression has been traced to a statue.
One gets the strong impression that for those entries that are acknowledged as being of US, Canadian, or other origin the editor has very few, if any, citations, for most of the words and expressions are not traced back very far.
You’ll find that the Old City’s myriad colours, sounds, smells, and tastes stir the senses; the Temple Mount’s architecture can take your breath away; pilgrims tracing Christ’s journey to Calvary along the Via Dolorosa remain a deeply moving sight; and the views from the Mount of Olives are stunning.
Historically, it has been very difficult to irrefutably trace natural Brucella transmission unless the strain involved happened to belong to a rare biovar.
He inverts intellectual history, tracing 18 th -century European chimps' fascination with savage humans--Swift's Yahoos being a prime example--and the delusional arrogance with which "Western Civilization ...
The origin of this expression pattern can be traced from the mesectoderm anlage in statu nascendi, to the mesectoderm anlage, to the mesectoderm (or midline primordium) and, finally, to the mature midline glial cells (Figure 6b).
Here's the story: Last spring, there was an outbreak of a nasty disease known as cyclosporiasis, which was eventually traced to Guatemalan raspberries.
The Sala del Mappamondo (named after a lost map of the Sienese world painted by Ambrogio Lorenzetti to trace the city’s international banking interests) has two great frescoes by the Siena-born master Simone Martini.
This is Italy’s oldest ski resort and an Alpine Museum traces its history in the Casa delle Guide (Maison des Guides).
An accompanying article traces the evolving debate among historians, several of whom proclaimed Jefferson's purity and must now admit to grave error.
To make sense of the shakier expertise both sides now confront, it helps to trace the history of child-care research through three unsettling waves during the past quarter century.
A range of additional steps to further determine data reliability includes tracing to and from source documents, using advanced electronic testing, and reviewing selected system controls.
Consider tracing from source documents, instead of or in addition to tracing a sample to source documents, when you have concerns that the data are not complete.
The fine museum inside traces the cultures of the Arab world, both the pre-Islamic and Islamic periods, with first-rate temporary exhibits.
INDIRECT COST - A cost that cannot be identified specifically with or traced to a given cost object in an economically feasible way.
Vestiges of the village’s former grandeur can still be traced along the front, where grand old buildings jostle uncomfortably with high-rise blocks.
Some trace their ancestry to the influence of Spain.
An article traces the path of the "semen-stained dress" story: It bounced from the Drudge Report to countless news outlets without ever being substantiated.
) An article traces the evolution of gender politics in New Yorker cartoons.
The fighting monks in a thousand kung fu films can trace their origin to the Shaolin Monastery in Henan Province.
Similarly, one organization's central group was instrumental in acquiring a strong user authentication system to help ensure that network use could be reliably traced to the individual users.
Yet, rumors and “common knowledge,” however inaccurate, are sometimes a misinterpretation of an event that actually occurred and, therefore, can be traced to a fact, even though distorted; the best that can be wished for is to turn up something that might have given rise to the story (like the identification of the Parson Weems tale about George Washington's honesty and the cherry tree).
4, 6) led to the identification of another ancient conserved domain that could be traced back to ancestral RNA polymerases.
The FBI has been unable to trace back any donations to the Chinese government.
Another noteworthy museum on Calle Isabel is in Casa Serrallés: the Museum of Puerto Rican Music traces the complicated development of the island’s distinctive musical legacy, from Amerindian influences to the blending of Spanish colonial musical styles.
Here is Skeat fuming at a correspondent who had the gall to suggest that the origin of the Ox - in Oxford , long a bone of etymological contention, could be traced through Usk to a connection with Gaelic uisque `water,' as in uisquebaugh literally `water of life,' from which we get whiskey (etymologically speaking):
A most detailed and circumstantial account of its genesis, which more than a little impresses me, also traces its origin to the Torbay area and a comic, but not of the Grock variety.
Of the Hispanics living in these states, 64 percent (concentrated in the Southwest) trace their roots to Mexico; 15 percent (relatively evenly distributed) to Central and South America; 10 percent (concentrated in New York) to Puerto Rico, and 5 percent (concentrated in Florida) to Cuba.
In summary, these tracing data suggest that mature hair cells are not necessary to direct fiber outgrowth and to maintain some fibers at least up to 6 months in the apex of the cochlea.
Degas was drawn to other methods besides photography for recycling his images, using tracing paper to multiply a drawing, then overlaying the copies with different colors to produce a range of emotional variants.
MX generated the null mutation, bred all the mice used for this study and generated the statistical data and the immunocytochemical data with MyoVII, AM conducted the tract tracing studies of cochlear afferents and helped with the histological analysis and assembly of image plates, UP carried out the in situ hybridization for neurotrophins and assembled the plates for these data, BF wrote the manuscript, carried out most of the neuronal tracing and immunocytochemistry for acetylated tubulin and data presentation.
Holed up in his squalid attic studio in Montmartre (models complained of the dust, but Degas believed that sweeping just moved the dust around), Degas narrowed his subject matter to a few recurrent motifs--women bathing, having their hair combed, and dancing--while at the same time experimenting with a remarkable range of techniques and media (photography, tracing paper, lurid color combinations).
In these cases, the piping may be insulated and heat traced to prevent condensation of the ammonia vapor.
MX generated the null mutation, bred all the mice used for this study and generated the statistical data and the immunocytochemical data with MyoVII, AM conducted the tract tracing studies of cochlear afferents and helped with the histological analysis and assembly of image plates, UP carried out the in situ hybridization for neurotrophins and assembled the plates for these data, BF wrote the manuscript, carried out most of the neuronal tracing and immunocytochemistry for acetylated tubulin and data presentation.
Ears were subsequently reacted for acetylated tubulin to reveal the pattern of innervation in addition to the DiI tracing with a different technique as previously described [ 14 ] . Briefly, dissected ears were incubated with 1:500 anti-acetylated tubulin antibodies (Sigma, St. Louis) followed by secondary antibodies conjugated to HRP.
Nineteenth-Century English is an interesting if somewhat staid tracing of the development of English into a world language, though its influence today is probably owing directly more to events of the past sixty years than to the growth and spread it enjoyed during the century of colonialism.
This craze became known as décalcomanie, from décalc- (from décalquer `transfer a tracing' + - o - + manie `mania,' whence we get decalcomania ( decal for short for the transfers), and the adjective cockamamie some say echoes the sense of florid but superficial embellishment.
