Generally less chance of temporal variations in waste properties.
Choice, Chance, and Wealth Dispersion at Retirement," Working Paper No.
Bayoumi's version can be challenged as well, since the mosque is close to the restaurant and Bayoumi had visited it, and the surrounding area, on multiple occasions, including twice within six weeks of February 1. We do not know whether the lunch encounter occurred by chance or design.
We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence, of usefulness, a sense of belonging and of influence.
Negative z scores indicate GO terms with fewer genes meeting the criterion than expected by chance.
We would expect to find 40 differences by chance alone (0.
One possibility is that studies report different estimates of the single true relationship between a given pollutant and a health effect due to differences in study design, random chance, or other factors.
05 probability level, one in 20 tests would be expected to fall outside of the control limits by chance alone.
have a 1-in-16 chance of selection, and that <b>chance</b> would be equal among sites.
In Quinean terms, in an uncontrolled study, the observation statements (about the patient's condition) and the theoretical statement (about the efficacy of the treatment) may be linked too tenuously along the radii of the web; in the extreme case, the apparent linkage may be purely by chance.
Their chance of becoming malignant usually increases as the size of the lesion increases.
And as long as you have no realistic alternative to industrialization based on low wages, to oppose it means that you are willing to deny desperately poor people the best chance they have of progress for the sake of what amounts to an aesthetic standard--that is, the fact that you don't like the idea of workers being paid a pittance to supply rich Westerners with fashion items.
The top-non-local story at the Washington Post is France's triumph at the French-hosted World Cup, a story that gets top-of-the-page-with-pictures coverage at not only the Post , but also at the Times and USAT . (And a reefer-with-picture at the LAT .) This no doubt reflects the papers': a) perception that they have more immigrant readers these days and b) chance to <b>justify</b> all those upcoming French expense account items.
As stated previously, the selection of differentially expressed genes is essentially a search for outliers, i.e. gene data lying outside some standard distribution of differences relative to a control state, and which cannot be ascribed to chance or natural variabilty.
Also, there is less chance of detecting slugs of toxic wastes, or other temporal variations in waste properties.
You stand the best chance of finding a patch of sand to yourself to the east of Nerja and west of Estepona.
sometimes local events can generate chances for faculty and staff to assist the community because of their unique forms of expertise.
The best chance the bank has of lowering the value of the yen--and it would be only a chance--would be to effectively print a lot of new currency.
This could be a chance event, or it may result from selection for certain X-linked alleles during embryonic development, as has been described in carriers of X-linked immunodeficiencies [ 17].
Competitors would jump at the chance to meet unmet mailer needs.
No one knows, but I will raise a possibility that has a chance to be true for a biosphere.
5; a gene with a 50% chance of being divergent or present is assigned a value of 0; a gene with a 100% <b>chance</b> of being present is assigned 0.5.
However, a Bonferroni correction would be too stringent for exploratory research [ 12 ] . A useful alternative to P in studies involving thousands of comparisons is the estimated false detection rate, which is the ratio of the expected number of chance differences (P × number of comparisons) to the number of differences observed.
To maximize the chances of reaching residential numbers, seed numbers used for dialing included the area code plus the first five digits of the study's cases and all cancer cases diagnosed in Marin County in 1998.
While this does not rigorously eliminate the possibility that the original series was pseudorhythmic by chance, it will show that the combination of analytical techniques used is not generating artifacts when given a randomized version of the original data.
After recent years of fiscal discipline and focus on fiscal responsibility, the anticipated surpluses offer a chance to meet pent-up demand for discretionary domestic spending, increase defense spending, cut taxes, shore up Social Security and Medicare, reduce the debt, or do some combination of these.
The alignment between these bacterial proteins and the eukaryotic Rad52 homologs was co-linear throughout the entire length of their shared globular region and the Gibbs sampling procedure detected two motifs of greater than 20 residues, with a probability of chance occurrence in these proteins less than 10 -18(Fig.
The most important parameter for purposes of interpretation is the enrichment (or depletion) of a category with respect to flagged genes (relative to what would have been expected by chance alone).
On the positive side, most say the acting is great, and though the film "doesn't take enormous chances," it is nevertheless "extremely satisfying" (Denby, The New Yorker ).  Slate 's Edelstein is more positive than most, praising the "deliciously resonant dual setting: a Catskills summer community to which middle-class Jews from the city migrate to swim and eat and play mah-jongg, and the gathering hippies at nearby Woodstock."
That there was a chance for meaningful cooperation with the Soviet dictatorship?
Chances are I attacked the other books too.
The third item means you get $1 million if that 11-percent chance doesn't come through.
They involve Dada nose-thumbing, Expressionist brio, an American appreciation of pure funk, a flâneur 's eye for chance and juxtaposition in the streets, a sensualist's feeling for the most outré kinds of texture, and a scopophiliac's unquenchable thirst for images, all kinds, right now, from industrial logos to comic strips to postage stamps to Velázquez's Rokeby Venus . (He also, incidentally, has quite an ear, capable of doing more with a one-word title-- Rebus , Currency , Interview , Barge , Express --than most writers.)
He can hardly bring himself to turn away, and sneaks back for another fix whenever he gets the chance.
Or the virtual impossibility of finding a quiet place to study or even think, so that the children can cope in school and one day have a chance of achieving something better?
The plan had now been modified so that the tribals would keep Bin Ladin in a hiding place for up to a month before turning him over to the United States-thereby increasing the chances of keeping the U.S. hand out of sight."
To the northwest, the Uzbeks might be ready for a cross-border sortie in six months; their chance of success was also rated at less than 10 percent.
These results indicate boundaries that are significantly longer and more cohesive than is expected by chance.
The NYT front page states that Newt Gingrich has ruled out any chance the House will pass the major campaign-reform bill banning all soft money that has been advancing in the Senate.
In addition, as I've pointed out here before, the auto industry is facing severe problems with excess capacity, so reducing the number of players in the global marketplace may decrease the <b>chance</b> of dramatic overbuilding.
I am afraid that, if what many citizens of the European Community either hope or fear comes true, and English becomes the second language in every country of the Community, there is a good chance that many of these hybrids ( shopper for supermarket trolley, processimulator for simulator, and compacdiscontainer ) will eventually find their way into the English as she is spoke.
So, to give the theory a fair chance, we have to look for more significant differences between men's and women's clothing.
I wanted to be there ...I had my second chance to change my life."
The chances of meeting a sophisticated Upper West Side woman in New York who would fall for a line like that are about as remote as encountering a singing possum in your basement, but Kidman's character continues to flirt with this loser during the longest and most excruciating dance scene in movie history.
But its monuments and parks are well worth visiting, not least for the chance to mingle with the Cantonese people themselves.
If you can afford the “bullet train” just once, this is your chance, as — in one exhilarating sweep — you pass through almost all the major cities of Central and Western Honshu on the way.
This means that there is a 95 percent chance (there's the degree of confidence) that between 30 and 40 percent of the population supports McCain (that's McCain's 35 percent plus or minus the margin of error), and a 95 percent <b>chance</b> that between 27 and 37 percent supports Bush.
The story notes two overriding factors behind the trend: 1) Corporations are slashing their suppliers down to a handful of giants, which would, under the present rules, automatically exclude virtually all minority-controlled companies; and 2) the clout of minority consumers has grown and therefore companies want to be able to undertake 1) without losing the chance to establish a minority-friendly track record.
But I love what I do and, uh, anytime I get a chance to teach in a classroom I go for it so.
Handicappers put the left's chances at even money or better.
Two additional letters from Iraq convinced Clinton to stow the missiles and give the inspections another chance.
Moreover, in a strict analysis of divergent genes, one would want to exclude even genes with a 10% chance of being present from the divergent category.
"I know that most interns don't get a chance to know Betty Currie and don't have the many contacts that Monica Lewinsky had with the president.
This may give a better chance of success to the much-mocked millennium celebrations in Paris and London, the former involving the Eiffel Tower laying an egg and huge plastic fishes poking their heads out of the Seine, and the latter--as caustically emphasized in all of today's British newspapers--involving no known purpose at all apart from the building of a giant dome at Greenwich at a cost of more than $1 billion.
The meaning of the votes is best summed up by the WP , which states that the Senate has told the House managers they have the chance to make their case and that in all likelihood doing so will not matter.
The bargains or at least more authentic and tasteful products are to be found far from these main tourist centers, in artisans’ workshops on the Giudecca, in the Dorsoduro behind the Zattere — to be hunted down or stumbled upon by chance.
Team Spirit Gittus Decker Cook and Ware Salt and Doupe and Billiard and Shenker Chance Ball Kwong and Crummy and Hook, Hooten, Ong Turnipseed and Horton Balls and Barthel and Ali and Katz McCabe Butt Rude and Pippi and Young and Sharpe Lumb Poore Peachy and Mule and Young and Creame Camiel Eger Rossetti and Shoulders and Huch, Huch, Hell Proudfoot and Rabbitts
Rafferty passes over obvious chances to criticize the indies in technical terms--no review of Boogie Nights prepared me for what a patchy, tedious film it was--and instead finds something morally defective in them.
The central approach this study takes is to identify areas of the genome that siblings affected by stroke share more often than one would expect by chance.
Whether due to chance fixation, selection or epistasis, non-syntenic associations of the sort illustrated in Figure 7are a major source of both false-positive and false-negativeresults in using RI sets for mapping.
Writing to Rumsfeld on September 17 in a memo headlined "Preventing More Events,"he argued that if there was even a 10 percent chance that Saddam Hussein was behind the 9/11 attack, maximum priority should be placed on eliminating that threat.
In the very off chance that you come across archaeological finds such as ancient anchors, wine-jars, even sculpture, they must be reported to local municipal authorities.
..I had my second chance to change my life."
Diving centers also offer an introductory session known as the “Discover Scuba Program,” which includes a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming-pool work to give you the chance to practice the basic techniques.
As one of Clarke's staff noted, only a "chance discovery" by U.S.
