While I appreciate U.S. News & World Report's endorsement, the true value of your support is measured by the way Goodwill takes on problems that affect all of us.
In true newspaper overkill fashion, the piece backs this up by consulting Cynde Watson, national makeup artist for Bobbi Brown Essentials, and Steven Zdatny, a historian at West Virginia University specializing in the aesthetics and politics of hair.
There's no question that, if they're true, they ... could lead to impeachment proceedings."
For this to be true, it is not necessary that the carriers of purpose, say, the same bacterium heading upstream in the glucose gradient, be conscious.
The same is true of the transfer RNA where the anticodon site is distant from the amino acid binding site.
As neurons are supposed to proliferate and form novel synaptic connections that survive if used and to mediate the linkage of conditioned to unconditioned stimulus, why not envision a complex chemistry, say, very complex carbohydrate-synthesis patterns sustained by complex sets of enzymes whose activities are modulated by the dierent carbohydrates themselves, which is true of contemporary carbohydrate metabolism.
If true, this is an ironic name for a city that would become one of the most constantly and bitterly embattled places on the face of the earth.
That is not entirely true, for linguists know too much about language to suggest that there ever was, literally, a single language from which all Indo-European languages descended.
The blurb on this book/disk package reads, “Supplies you with 470,000 true synonyms for 40,000 entries.”
Although it is true that isoglosses, in effect, set off the various areas where a particular usage was recorded, more accurately an isogloss is drawn to connect sites either where speakers employ both usages or where speakers using one or the other live in very close proximity.
Of course, this is true!
It is true,” he replied.
The dogs obviously did catch a scent, and it was true.
The prevalence of this association was found to be higher in our study than in other previous series [ 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] . The true prevalence could be even higher since liver enzyme profiles were not done in all patients.
That is especially true of the State Security Court that ruled in this case.
It is true that Moore's film is sometimes unintentionally deceptive, but to call it fraudulent is hyperbole to the extreme.
Even if your "re-enactment" theory is true (and I see no evidence that you have actually tried to ask the people involved in the filmmaking for their opinion), this itself is not unethical, and you have no evidence whatsoever that Moore has done anything unethical here, just like you have no evidence that Moore has unethically removed parts of the interview.
None of this is true.
What is true is that Bowling for Columbine is a diamond in the small world of big screen documentaries, one that shines brightly and illuminates an often misunderstood aspect of American culture.
It’s a truism, I know, but it has the benefit of actually being true.
It is true that at the end of time, the old time baseball writers will be hailed as the very best writers, as they had access to an event that was susceptible to beautiful writing, but horrendous to watch in person.
This remains true even with one of his last compositions, the Concerto for Orchestra, written two years before his death in 1943.
Example 5 shows the true dominance of the perfect fourth; the set created is a ten-note set derived by stacking fourths.
However, as previously mentioned, C acts as a “fake” dominant that in measures 149-155 actually functions as an upper neighbor to B, the “true” dominant.
As tempting as this interpretation may be, this observation is relegated to the notes section because it constitutes a horrible abuse of terminology—there is only so far that such tonal analogies can go before they begin to hide any true analytical insight behind misused terms.
True, mostly.
I had, it is true, told her that we needed other company than our own.
"True."
I fear that may be true for me.
"True.
Tectonic activity can significantly control river patterns and behavior, and this is especially true of alluvial rivers.
May your every dream come true, sir, and your book sell fabulously.
Freaking hillarious and so true.
True to wild-West stereotypes, Stewart was slain by a neighboring farmer, leaving his strong-willed wife, Helen, to assume the duties of the ranch.
True to the myth, the reclusive Hughes immediately cloistered himself in the Desert Inn’s penthouse.
Even Homer wrote about Achilles and Patroclus, who have been considered to be the perfect model of true love (Emond).
You think that,” he said, “but is it true?
About time there was some acknowledgement of the true value of fans.
This isn't technically true, but it accurately describes how it feels to those unaccustomed to the city's geography.
Here is a supposedly true story someone found regarding exams at Cambridge University.
Unknown My therapist told me the way to achieve true inner peace is to finish what I start.
This is the true story.
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the OTHERS here for?
Is it true that cannibals don't eat clowns because they taste funny?
Is it true that an alligator won't attack you if you carry a flashlight?
Aghast with confusion and knowing he can't lie the man replies, "Well, that's true, I don't believe in you, but how about the shark?
ROLAND TEMBO >(Smiling faintly) Very true.
, Mr. Chief Justice, it's absolutely true that this case is here because of a fundamentally important changed circumstance that makes the Framers' limitations on the Copyright Clause much more significant. Thi
April 27, 2009 4:45 PM Brad Templeton: When I got to United's site it has two columns, one for true miles flown (sort of) and one for elite bonus.
and yes, sad but true, any SMTPs will strip the high bit)
That's why I ask that (today, 1993) we NOT LABEL true plain text as US-ASCII/ISO-8859-1.
This was especialy true in light of the press >reports of >"Draft submitted to IETF."
While both these stories are ostensibly morality tales about the dangerous beauty of this femme fatale, the true source of pleasure from these narratives is the femme fatale’s transgressive behavior, not her eventual punishment for it.
“True, true.
“True, true.
TIA DALMA: Same story, different versions, and all are true.
JACK SPARROW: True enough.
For while the lantern's spark shivered in the chill breeze, this burn was steady and true as the motion of its owner's pen, scratching out the rhythm of the willow's fingers.
"It is true," Allan admitted, fidgeting with his cufflinks, "that I would not dream of submitting one of these corruptions of literature to any publisher.
Where before they had marched in regiments, practiced in ranks and followed their leaders' commands, the words now escaped in their true forms, unhindered by any stricture.
Even as he said it, Allan prayed that his statement was true.
Oh, they may rail against you at first; they may decry you as a heathen or a literary savage; but while those in power say such things, others will read your tales and see their true worth.
True, emmby, but I thinks it's an interesting topic and was hoping for others to jump in.
True..
This is the true stuff not a fictitious one!
We have a new product that will make all your 'se^xual dreams come true
We have a solution that will make all your 'se^xual dreams come true
The saying “Time is money” is quite literally true in Hong Kong: more is spent on watches and clocks here than on cameras and optical goods.
As expected for this good estimate of r(t), the deconvolution intestinal absorption rate determined using this r(t) (bottom row, black line, right column) is very close to the true, model input function (green line).
This was further supported by the demonstration that trypsin cleaved PP5 in the "hinge" sequence connecting the TPR region and catalytic domain, and that such cleavage produced a highly active enzyme which was refractory to further activation by fatty acids [ 18 20 21 ] . To test whether this is also true of PfPP5, we digested recombinant PfPP5 with trypsin, which resulted in the production of a trypsin-resistant fragment that was very similar in size to ΔTPR-PfPP5 (Fig.
Reflective and charismatic, he had been one of the true heroes of the war against the Soviets.
And how true.
(Clinton has certainly proven the corollary this statement implies to be true.)
For Ben Jonson, writing this brilliant poem early in the 17 th century, the opposite is true: The ear is the avenue of the spirit, while the eye is duped by mere seeming.
However, that approach assumes independence of categories and is so conservative that it becomes extremely hard to detect true positives.
A ROC curve gives the recognition rate (true positives) for preselected values of false positives, which was in our case 0 to 100% in 1% steps.
As was true of the BL/6 × CAST crosses, the parent-of-origin dependence of the allele-specific expression was superimposed on a baseline bias towards hyper-expression of the BL/6 allele.
