In an attempt to counter a threat from the Saracen Muslims, a new potent religious force from the East, the <b>Byzantine</b> army forcefully enlisted the men of the <b>islands</b>.
As the Byzantine Empire weakened at the end of the first millennium, Crusader <b>forces</b> were sent from Western Europe to counter the Muslim <b>forces</b> and retake Jerusalem for the Christian faith.
As the Byzantine Empire weakened at the end of the first millennium, Crusader <b>forces</b> were sent from Western Europe to counter the Muslim <b>forces</b> and retake Jerusalem for the Christian faith.
Constantinople was taken by Crusader forces in 1204, and they stripped the city of manyof its finest treasures — which now grace the public buildings of Venice — although a large consignment of books and manuscripts was <b>transferred</b> to the monastery at Patmos before the city fell.
After a final bloody defeat by the Muslims in 1309, Christian forces were forced from the Holy Land.
The Knights of St. John, a holy military force, made their way to Rhodes and Kos in the Dodecanese.
A force was gaining strength in the east to threaten their new bases.
His forces made a series of attacks from their bases in the Dodecanese <b>islands</b>, including sinking a <b>Greek</b> naval vessel in the harbor of Tinos Town, but they only succeeded in strengthening the resolve of the population against them.
Later the Germans came in force and occupied many of the <b>islands</b>.
The LAT focuses on new dissension within the Israeli government about whether or not Israel should continue to maintain forces in southern Lebanon, dissension fueled when an Israeli commando raid there late last week was ambushed, with twelve deaths the result.
The secretary of defense directed the nation's armed forces to Defense Condition 3, an increased state of military readiness.
It included a determination to use military force if necessary to end al Qaeda's sanctuary in Afghanistan.
In an innovative joint effort, CIA and Special Operations forces would be deployed to work together with each major Afghan faction opposed to the Taliban.
In December 2001, Afghan forces, with limited U.S. support, engaged al Qaeda elements in a cave complex called Tora Bora.
The three-week battle was substantially successful, and almost all remaining al Qaeda forces took refuge in Pakistan's equally mountainous and lightly governed frontier provinces.
Still reeling from the effects of the Persian devastation, Jerusalem was conquered in 638 by the forces of Islam.
West Jerusalem, separated from the rest of the new Jewish nation, held out under siege for several months until Israeli forces secured a land corridor connecting the city to the coastal areas.
23 In the mid-nineteenth century, it was relatively easy to believe that we were in the grip of a great historical force, possibly emanating from a higher <b>power</b>.
In Europe, the Catholic cardinal, master of practical politics, was not above supporting the Protestant Swedish, Danish, and German forces in the Thirty Years’ War against the Catholic Austrians, Italians, and Spanish.
With general relativity, which deals with the remaining force, gravity; this provides a consistent framework.
In 1266, they financed the mercenary army of Charles d’Anjou to defeat the imperial forces — and take the Sicilian throne.
Faculty can be a pretty serious force when they believe in the rightness of something like this.
A positive cosmological constant expresses itself as a repulsive force between masses that increases with the distance between those masses.
Adjoining Triana is Vegueta, the oldest part of the city, where Spanish <b>forces</b> first set up camp in 1478.
Two forces led Huxley to advance the date at which his society would arrive.
To counter Protestantism the Catholic Spanish instigated the vicious and cruel force of Inquisition.
Meanwhile, Britain's Independent reported that the PKK Kurdish separatist group has started to withdraw its forces from Turkey into northern Iraq a week earlier than previously announced.
Using Newton’s vectorial composition of forces rules, we can decompose the motion of the real particle into its motions in the x direction, the y direction, and the z direction.
Desperate for work, perhaps 20 percent of the Bahamian population left to take construction jobs in Florida between the turn of the century and World War I. During that war hundreds of Bahamians saw active service with British forces.
President Reagan quickly withdrew U.S. forces from Lebanon-a reversal later routinely cited by jihadists as evidence of U.S. weakness.
The USAT front-page "cover story" on the Timor terror says that a team there to observe the independence referendum made a tape, from a radio scanner, of communications between Indonesian special forces and the marauding anti-independence militias.
They began to recognize that the union was a necessary stabilizing force.
It is here that you can best appreciate the tour de force of geometric planning the avenues represent.
Buffy Shutt was offering the Hollywood consensus that teen-age girls are becoming the dominant <b>force</b> influencing the success of movies.
Meanwhile an Ottoman force had been dispatched from Istanbul to counter the French.
This political process focused as much on social considerations as on the kinds of market forces that shape competitive outcomes.
"We can count not only on our forces and our friends but also, in the long term, on Western public opinion," he said.
The plastic bristles were stiff enough to support the fabric layer under the force of vacuum while remaining sufficiently flexible to deflect out of the path of the knife.
Soon after, German forces launched an occupation of Kraków, where they based their governing body, and laid siege to Warsaw.
After the Saudis agreed to allow U.S. armed forces to be based in the Kingdom, Bin Ladin and a number of Islamic clerics began to publicly denounce the arrangement.
When a first-edition Powell book goes up for auction on eBay, the same three or four of us bid; I've often thought we should join forces for some harmless price-fixing.
Carnot titled his work “An Investigation on the Motive Force of Heat.”
The town’s artistic and commercial worlds have joined forces in recent years to preserve the old business district’s handsome turn-of-the-century architecture as a lively shopping and restaurant neighborhood, north of Notre-Dame Avenue between Princess Street and Main Street.
Children were especially at risk, because this force could be lost through the fontanelle, which was not yet fully closed.
Revenues from tax collection dwindled, ambitious palace eunuchs plotted, reform schemes failed, and rebellious forces threatened.
Force suppression has been observed with elevations in [cGMP] [ 6 7 ] , [cAMP] [ 8 ] , extracellular [Mg 2+] [ 9 ] , and with some pharmacologic treatments.
Which, in fact, despite the quite widespread deployment of U.S. forces in hot scenarios, is virtually never mentioned in the papers.
During World War II, the rapid advance of the German forces through mainland Greece in 1941 forced the Allies to retreat to Crete.
Once the opposition is dead, and all but the most compliant are purged from the dictator's forces, what's there to worry about?
Work is more than force acting through distance; it is, in fact, the constrained release of energy, the release of energy into a small number of degrees of freedom.
At first ill fortune dogged them; the dwindling force was besieged in Champotón, on the west coast, for two miserable years.
First came Comptroller General Staats, who took office in 1966, and was a driving force behind GAO's emphasis on program evaluation and making the agency's work more useful to the Congress.
Like police officers, bounty hunters are authorized to use "all reasonable force " to apprehend skips.
With Austrian and German armies massing on France’s frontiers and the forces of counter-revolution gathering inside the country, the militant revolutionary Jacobins led by Max­i­milien de Robespierre saw the king’s flight as the ultimate betrayal.
Force was suppressed in all heat-treated tissues regardless of recovery time.
Nevertheless, the next day's paper led with an offer of support from the Spanish leader, José Maria Aznar, which included giving the U.S. forces access to the bases.
Del Castillo believes that Doña Marina was following her religious faith and belief in a godly force, the prophecies of Quetzalcoatl, and did not think she was betraying her <b>people</b>.
Start at the Place de l’Etoile (officially Place Charles-de-Gaulle, but nobody calls it that), preferably at the top of Napoleon’s gigantic Arc de Triomphe, from which you’ll get a good view of the 12-pointed star formed by the avenues radiating from the arch in a tour de force of geometric planning.
Together they had a force of 130 attorneys and the responsibility to serve the civil legal needs of about 550,000 poor and vulnerable <b>people</b> throughout the state.
The coverage reports that although the (mostly Australian) peacekeeping troops found calm at the airstrip where they touched down, the Australian general in overall command said his forces would respond "robustly" to any armed resistance.
3. This finding is consistent with the hypothesis that different temperatures reduce force by different mechanisms.
This force was known as tonalli, and was found throughout the body, but resided primarily in the head.
It had only a limited influence in Bali, however, where people continued in their ancient animist beliefs, worshipping the spirits of the mountains, rivers, and other natural <b>forces</b>.
Kim, 9 years old in 1972, had taken shelter with others in a pagoda when the American military ordered the South Vietnamese air force to attack her village of Trang Bang because it had been infiltrated by enemy <b>forces</b>.
Its very name became a verb in English: “to shanghai” meant to abduct by trickery or <b>force</b>.
The Crispix came back in force; in fact, the last time I was at the supermarket, the checker gazed at my overflowing cart and said: "Lot of cereal eaters in your house, are there?"
In the absence of a well-established judiciary or organized police force, law and order was enforced by vigilantes, and summary hanging was the usual sentence.
In a delicious turn, Christopher Plummer makes the co-anchor less a journalist than a pompous prima donna, but he also gives him a bullying force and real charisma.
There are many reasons for this shift away from home sewing, including the growing number of women in the labor force.
Dole and others thought it high time for a US coup, and they were able to persuade the US naval forces to assist in deposing the Queen in 1893.
In their model, the minimal contractile force required for stabilizing each of these intermediate shapes is proportional to the global steady state stiffness of the cell and is dependent on the extent of furrow ingression.
One issue making the talks sticky, says the Wall Street Journal , is how to keep the Albanian separatists from taking advantage of any NATO show of force.
They did not need the coercive force of government behind them.
Rather than compromise, the king fled Paris in a vain effort to join up with armed forces hostile to the Revolution.
The task force recommended that Hewlett Packard consolidate its transaction processing activities such as accounts payable, accounts receivable, payroll, and fixed assets accounting from over 100 decentralized centers into just 8 Financial Service Centers worldwide.
Physicists have an answer  work is force acting through distance  given by a single number, or scalar, representing the sum of the <b>force</b> acting through the distance.
Whatever their origins, their culture evolved under the pressure and influence of foreign forces.
The PAPD suffered 37 fatalities-the largest loss of life of any police force in history.
It is up to the buyer--and the buyer's title company--to discover them in the "chain of title" and to determine if they have any legal force or effect.
The three terms, F, M, and A = force, mass, and acceleration = argued Poincaré, admit no independent definitions.
In November 1946, Ngurah Rai and his men were trapped by Dutch forces close to this village, 12 km (7 miles) northwest of Mengwi.
Suitable bases in neighboring countries were not available and, even if the U.S. forces were sent in, it was not clear where they would go to find Bin Ladin.
Similarly, why is the Post waiting until page 32 to tell us that the U.S. has decided to send more than 2,000 Marines into Kosovo as part of a multi-national peace-keeping <b>force</b>?
His forces made a series of attacks from their bases in the Dodecanese <b>islands</b>, including sinking a <b>Greek</b> naval vessel in the harbor of Tinos Town, but they only succeeded in strengthening the resolve of the population against them.
The arterial wall remodels in response to hemodynamic forces imposed on it by blood pressure and blood flow.
Indeed, the Goldmans' rabbi told the Washington Post that Fred has become a "moral <b>force</b>" for justice.
A number of Hong Kong’s monuments were damaged during this time: St. John’s Cathedral was turned into a military club, the old governor’s lodge on the Peak was burned down, and the commandant of the occupation forces rebuilt the colonial governor’s mansion in Japanese style.
The work of the task forces was supported by the Legal Services Response Team, consisting of the directors of the legal services programs and directors of the Bar Foundation and Bar Association.
Hence the United States should intervene--and with overwhelming force.
But force and mass are, said Poincaré, joined at the hip, codefined, one in terms of the other.
In the Upper Basilica, reopened in 2000 after intense round-the-clock restoration, Cimabue’s works in the apse and left transept have turned black, looking like photo negatives because of the oxidized white lead in his paints, yet you can still feel the intensity of the crowd’s anguish in his Crucifixion, blessedly untouched by the earthquake’s damaging force.
Tom Owens is the 30-year-old, handsome, vegetarian, jean-clad driving force behind Genesis, a California enterprise that has <b>become</b> extremely successful extremely quickly.
Whatever the struggle for adoption may have been, the language of egalitarian principle came into force.
As Ottoman forces made their way toward this last refuge, the Abbot ordered that a shot be fired into the explosive.
But then what plays the role of Christmas, the background force that causes both phenomena?
When the vacuum pump comes on, five pounds of force per square foot push down on the fabric.
Finally, with the help of the British under the duke of Wellington, the Spanish expelled the occupying forces.
Once the terms of Russia's involvement in the Kosovo peacekeeping force had been agreed Monday, the Russian press started to worry about the financial effects of the country's participation.
King Felipe II ordered El Escorial built in celebration of Spain’s victory over French forces in 1557 at the battle of St. Quentin, in France.
Meanwhile, Russia is debating whether to cut its conventional forces and authorize first use of its nukes as a substitute deterrent (as the United States will still do).
John Ruskin, too, considered Gothic a moral force, but since he also loved Venice, polychrome Ruskinian Gothic has many Italian overtones.
In fact, a German art historian rescued this tour de force of early Islamic decoration at the turn of the century by persuading the Sultan of Turkey not to use it as building material for a railway link to Mecca.
All of this illustrates the basic economic problem in the world today, made only worse by the information revolution, what the IMF's Michel Camdessus calls in the WP "contagion"--transnational forces of panic that lie beyond the tools of policy makers.
23 In the mid-nineteenth century, it was relatively easy to believe that we were in the grip of a great historical force, possibly emanating from a higher <b>power</b>.
The code, more liberal than the laws elsewhere in the South, remained in force in Louisiana for a century.
He stated that broad consensus exists on a majority of issues before the Task Force and that remaining areas of disagreement are expected to be resolved in short order.
Funding for science research at 28 national laboratories may be more defensible, but even a DOE task force recommended an end to government ownership of the labs.
Physicists, biologists, and philosophers no longer look for a mysterious élan vital, some ethereal vital force that animates matter.
Following the looting of a ship in 1841, the Dutch decided to use force.
The latter K +contraction was used for force normalization.
"All writers, of course, have needed the one called the 'editor,' who singularly, almost mystically, embodies the many-faceted, unique life force infusing the entire enchilada."
In September 1687 Venetian forces threatened Athens and one of their mortars hit the Parthenon, igniting the powder inside.
The flexible ligand / grid receptor docking algorithm implemented in ICM was applied, with ECEPP/3 force field and MMFF partial charges for the ligand, and hydrophobic, electrostatic, hydrogen-bond and surface potential maps for the receptor [ 18 19 10 ] . Further optimization with flexible ligand and full atom representation of the receptor was carried out by local energy minimization, where all side-chains within 6 A of the ligand were flexible [ 18 ] . When docking was performed in the presence of a water molecule, the later was included in the grid representation of the receptor, and was mobile during full-atom local minimization.
Izvestiya said the use of force against Yugoslavia would revive the Cold War.
In an innovative joint effort, CIA and Special Operations forces would be deployed to work together with each major Afghan faction opposed to the Taliban.
"All Blacks humbled by a French tour de force" said the Daily Telegraph , calling it "the biggest upset in the history of the Rugby World Cup."
It’s believed that the lights held by the bishop and the women of the city fooled the British forces in the bay into assuming that Spanish reinforcements had arrived.
Because binding of cell-surface receptors to polyethylenimine filters is rather insensitive to ionic strength, the ionic phenomenon is thought to be supplemented by hydrophobic forces and hydrogen binding [ 32 ] . The method used with Y-79 cells and radiolabeled PEDF has been described before in detail [ 18 ] . Briefly, cells cultured overnight in serum-deprived medium at 37°C were <b>transferred</b> to ice/water bath for 10 minutes before the addition of ligand.
Sacks' accounts of aphasia or amnesia or autism or Tourette's syndrome provide a certain believe-it-or-not quotient for the lay reader; they also have the force of parables.
Nemesis was on hand again when the German occupation forces made this their headquarters during a ﬁnal stand in 1945.
In late 1999, Washington provided some support for talks among the leaders of exile Afghan groups, including the ousted Rome-based King Zahir Shah and Hamid Karzai, about bolstering anti-Taliban forces inside Afghanistan and linking the RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 125 Northern Alliance with Pashtun groups.
A strange and powerful gravitational force surrounded that stale and unloved arena that night.
These early temples were destroyed by the Persian forces of Xerxes in 480 b.c.
”As for lay for lie , whose force of usage has by now almost won acceptance into the standard language, we find in Pepys's entry for June 22, 1667: “..
Throughout this book, we have touched on myriad forces that make contemporary parenting highly challenging.
This time the British forces, less than 3,000 strong but in possession of superior weapons and tactics, outfought the Chinese.
In March 2002, the largest engagement of the war was fought, in the mountainous Shah-i-Kot area south of Gardez, against a large force of al Qaeda jihadists.
Le Figaro reported that the KLA claims to control "just about 40 percent of Kosovo" and to be in close contact with NATO forces, from which it could call in air support at any time.
When storage time only was compared there was a significant increase in retention force with time (Table 5).
At the Santa Fe Institute, biologist Stuart Kauffman claims to have glimpsed--deep in his computer simulations--a mysterious "antichaos" force that counteracts the tendency of all physical systems to drift toward disorder.
This result suggests that the decreased force observed at 47.
) For another, Trump's candidacy, and the Reform Party generally, reflects a larger, important trend in politics, and may be the surest sign yet that ideology as a force in national elections is dead.
Sharif came back to his earlier proposal and won approval for U.S. assistance in training a Pakistani special forces team for an operation against Bin Ladin.
The case study method seemed born to help, but the forces of time and cost associated with making multisite evaluations led to considerable adaptation.
Yesterday Milosevic reiterated his staunch refusal to withdraw forces from Kosovo--"even if the price is bombing"--and shunned meetings with American diplomats.
RIF Reduction in force.
Of the two additional key terms, the van der Waals component operates with a very short range force and essentially prevents atom-atom interpenetration.
The Times Bosnia dispatch, by blue-chip foreign correspondent Chris Hedges, describes an increasingly serious situation: Thousands of Serbian police and troops backed by artillery and tanks pressing into the Albanian forces surrounding a Serbian pocket.
SAEM Substance Abuse Task Force.
Moscow declared it would pull its military forces out of Afghanistan within the next nine months.
The Post writes that the Department of Justice's campaign finance task <b>force</b> has been continually stymied by unfavorable court decisions and lack of cooperation from essential witnesses, and will soon close shop.
Chapter 1, a k a the "Benjy" chapter, was deemed "a tour de force ranking with anything Joyce, Dickens, or Shakespeare <b>wrote</b>" by the thread's host.
Legal work is coordinated through OSLSA and the Litigation Director's Task Force, which was created during the planning process.
Human-rights groups argue that the current tribunals, having no police force to back them up, are too weak to be effective.
The force values, needed to dislodge the copings, were used for the statistical evaluation.
However he did not, observes the paper, agree to withdraw his Serbian security forces from the area.
The statewide substantive task forces have been reinvigorated, with support from the Training and Legal Information Facilitator, who has established substantive e-mail groups and organizes task <b>force</b> meetings, in addition to planning and organizing a number of statewide substantive training events.
But on the whole, I think he was a positive force in the way he reduced the rancor and disillusionment that had grown so corrosive in the late '60s and '70s.
This suggests that profound exercise can increase regional temperature to levels that could potentially induce ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and force suppression.
3) The Wall Street Journal accelerated the backspin against military action with a Wednesday piece criticizing "facile Washington commentary" that exaggerates the ease of deposing or crippling Saddam Hussein through force.
4The labor force projection reflects the OASDI Trustees' 2001 intermediate assumptions, including those for fertility, immigration, and labor <b>force</b> participation.
Everyone in America knows "May the force be with you" and what a Wookiee is, just as everyone knows "Yabba dabba doo!"
AAPS's request for a temporary injunction against Clinton's health-care task force was rejected by a U.S.
An organization's internal forces include its culture, its management practices, and its business processes.
Meanwhile, Russia is debating whether to cut its conventional forces and authorize first use of its nukes as a substitute deterrent (as the United States will still do).
But only the WP explains why: He has never served in the armed forces and while serving as the government's science and technology minister, is known to have antagonized some of the top brass by forcing them to make certain technical purchases.
It also provides expert case assistance and coordination of the statewide substantive law task forces.
3. There is a clear relation between reduced histamine-induced force and increased ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation with all treatments except the 47.
It is not the first time that actors have tried to seize the reins of production--that was in 1919, when Mary Pickford, Charles Chaplin, and Douglas Fairbanks joined forces with William S. Hart and D.W.
It included a determination to use military force if necessary to end al Qaeda's sanctuary in Afghanistan.
The sarcomere length was established in a clear region of the bundle, close to the force transducer.
Once she finds out, father and daughter join forces in proselytizing against it.
Equipment that wears out must be replaced; younger workers entering the labor force need to be trained in skills to replace older workers as they retire.
Mr. Secretary says that Thursday's missile strike signifies a "long term, fundamental way in which the United States intends to combat the forces of terror."
What happened in the Senate, the papers report, is that in successive votes to force floor consideration of two campaign reform measures--one simply a ban of the unregulated campaign use of donations made to the national political parties ("soft money"), the other a broader bill that also would have tightened rules about "issue ads" that actually function in support of particular candidates--the pro forces achieved slim majorities, but fell short of the 60 votes required to cut off a filibuster against the measures.
The three-week battle was substantially successful, and almost all remaining al Qaeda forces took refuge in Pakistan's equally mountainous and lightly governed frontier provinces.
When he joked in early 1994 that Federal Communications Commission chief commissioner Reed Hundt should be shot for ordering rate reductions, the idea that the dark side of the Force was shaping the digital future was hard to resist.
Furthermore, during the summer of 2001, KSM approached Bin Ladin with the idea of recruiting a Saudi Arabian air force pilot to commandeer a Saudi fighter jet and attack the Israeli city of Eilat.
Maybe they'll conclude that common sense is the enemy of the Force and fight it to the death.
The portraits, in which he used calm observation and academic skill to depict external reality while representing the interior through distortion and paper-tearing physical force, are more troubling than many of the interestingly science-fictional renderings of his visions, for example.
The head of Indonesian forces on Timor warned the international <b>forces</b> not to pursue militiamen into West Timor.
Hoffa will likely win the next Teamsters election, but the union is too weakened by corruption and too bullied by management and the feds to be the force it once was.
SAEM Substance Abuse Task Force.
(Several Republican consultants pointed out that the greater political threat to moderate House Republicans in 2000 was a primary challenge from pro-impeachment forces.)
A special Israeli commando force stormed the plane, killed all the terrorists, and rescued all but one of the hostages.
France responded to this highhandedness by embarking on a crash program to develop its own nuclear force, and by evicting NATO <b>forces</b> from French soil.
To relate the amount of cleavage furrow myosin-II to the potential forces that might be generated by the cleavage furrow cortex, we estimated the minimal <b>force</b> requirements for cell cleavage using the simple mathematical relationship proposed by Yoneda and Dan [ 4 ] . While oversimplified, the results from this analysis provide a basic framework for conceptualizing the meaning of our quantitative distribution and flux analyses.
Since other proteins are likely to contribute to contractile force production, the quantitation of the amount of myosin-II recruited to the cleavage furrow cortex allows us to estimate how much <b>force</b> can be provided by myosin-II.
But the underlying psychological forces will still be there, taking their toll.
Fatigue data were analyzed by t -test comparing mean values of measured to initial force ratio.
In a joint press conference with Chinese President Jiang Zemin, Clinton said, "I believe, and the American people believe, that the use of <b>force</b> and the tragic loss of life was wrong."
Al Qaeda leaders set up a Nairobi cell and used it to send weapons and trainers to the Somali warlords battling U.S. forces, an operation directly supervised by al Qaeda's military leader.
You possibly saw Cartlidge in supporting roles in Naked and Breaking the Waves . You haven't seen her in full gale force.
The force is plotted relative to the highest <b>force</b> obtained at any length in a given experiment.
British military and political leader who commanded forces in North Carolina during the American Revolution.
The longitudinal particle motion due to the ultrasonic wave moves the ions back and forth through the magnetic field; this results in Lorentz forces on the ions that give rise to an electric current density that oscillates at the ultrasonic frequency.
A commentary in the Jakarta Post warned that Australia's leadership of the peacekeeping force could destroy the hitherto close relationship between Australia and Indonesia.
Pretreatment at 2°C induced a small, insignificant increase in ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation without significant effects on force.
India responded by sending more armed forces to the region.
The Army immediately set about creating the Delta Force, one of whose missions was hostage rescue.
This is an exception to the above MRLC phosphorylation paradigm since phosphorylated myosin should cycle and produce force.
At the risk of letting you lure me into a very old argument, I'd say Eleanor was a force for ill.
Stress (MPa), σ, is defined as the intensity of internal force over the unit cross-sectional area of the original specimen [ 1 ] . The definition of strain (% or m/m), ε, is the change in length of the specimen, divided by its initial length [ 1 ] . Strain with percentage units is obtained by multiplying the m/m form by 100.
But we suspect that other forces are at work as well.
Eukaryotes also have far more noncoding DNA, which could potentially isolate coding regions from selection for genomic GC content if this were an important force: however, for this analysis we consider only the coding regions, which still differ greatly in composition among different eukaryotes (suggesting that selection has not acted to conserve the GC content of coding sequences).
Even worse, the comparison does not account for the fact that most members of the armed forces are younger and less educated than civilian workers.
Although the conclusion that amino acids with GC-rich codon doublets are more frequent in GC-rich genomes, and that those with AU-rich codon doublets are more frequent in AT-rich genomes, is neither new nor surprising [ 34], our model accurately and quantitatively predicts these responses for essentially all codons and amino acids by invoking forces acting on individual nucleotides.
Having the ability to generate more force than is minimally required may have great utility in nature.
"In Angola, government forces and Unita rebels are again laying mines more intensively than ever," it said.
A full staff retreat of the three programs deepened the understanding among advocates about the goals of integration of legal services delivery in New Hampshire and has led to the creation of a number of committees and task forces to further promote statewide coordination.
Aside from the unavoidable fact that competition is a driving force in the publication of such works, one can scarcely expect to improve on the competitive works without knowing what they are up to.)
We found that temperatures between 43 and 46°C increased ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and suppressed force, i.e. reduced <b>force</b> without reductions in ser 19-MRLC phosphorylation (Fig.
Why is the world unable to create an international force to provide manpower and equipment to assist in the aftermath of huge natural and manmade disasters (which seem to occur pretty reliably at least five or six times a year)?
Overview of the Model In the model, GDP is determined by the labor force, capital stock, and total factor productivity.
When we read of the ongoing search for grav- ity-carrying subatomic particles-- gravitons --and anti-gravitons, we should recall that Arthur Clarke wrote of antigravity as a propulsive <b>force</b> in 1946 (Across the Sea of Stars”).
Well-placed married ladies in low cut dresses ran salons, manipulating social forces and influencing literature and politics.
Significant reduction in force and increases in ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation were observed with heat treatments between 43°C and 46°C (Fig.
Murray's more laconic account is based upon a classical liberal argument: Force is bad; cooperation is good; government is <b>force</b>; ergo, the only legitimate functions of government are to enforce voluntary agreements, and to prevent <b>force</b> and fraud.
The failure of the strikes, the "wag the dog" slur, the intense partisanship of the period, and the nature of the al Shifa evidence likely had a cumulative effect on future decisions about the use of force against Bin Ladin.
Psychologist Kay Redfield Jamison, in Touched With Fire: Manic-Depressive Illness and the Artistic Temperament , maintains that mania is an essential driving force for many artists.
Consider an ion in a conductive medium with charge q . The longitudinal particle motion of an ultrasonic wave will cause the ion to oscillate back and forth in the medium with velocity v . In the presence of a constant magnetic field, B 0 , the ion is subjected to the Lorentz force
Our prior studies showed that increases in cGMP by nitrovasodilators and cAMP by forskolin increase ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and induce force suppression [ 8 ] . Such results suggest that the correlation between ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and <b>force</b> suppression is robust in the swine carotid stimulated with 10 μM histamine.
A nationwide poll that the LAT plays big both in an off-lead story and a big top-of-the-page graphic suggests that by a large margin Americans support the use of force against Iraq and additionally think the purpose of an airstrike should be to remove Saddam Hussein from <b>power</b>.
Force fields and semiempirical methods applied to Taxol
The U.N. demands Holbrooke is pressing, says USAT , include the withdrawal of Milosevic's forces and allowing humanitarian aid into Kosovo.
In attempting to characterize the evolutionary forces underlying genome reduction, a critical question concerns the size and content of the deletions.
The main sticking point in the talks is that the Serbs don't want NATO forces to police the agreement in Kosovo while the United States says this is non-negotiable.
Final Task Force Report - Board Approved
The anti-independence forces, labeled "gangs" high up by the two Times (although the word is never used by the WP ), had by late Sunday set fire to numerous buildings in the territorial capital of Dili and shot "scores" of Timorese there and elsewhere on the <b>island</b>.
Our prior studies showed that increases in cGMP by nitrovasodilators and cAMP by forskolin increase ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and induce force suppression [ 8 ] . Such results suggest that the correlation between ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and <b>force</b> suppression is robust in the swine carotid stimulated with 10 μM histamine.
There was no correlation between putative PKC-HSP20 phosphorylation and force (lower panel of Fig.
The only way widespread civil strife can be avoided is "by the conservative forces realizing that time is not on their side and--should they decide to continue the struggle through to its bitter end--they would be leading Iran to catastrophe."
"Black Hawk down" joined "Desert One" as a symbol among Americans in uniform, code phrases used to evoke the risks of daring exploits without maximum preparation, overwhelming force, and a well-defined mission.
They are premised on the notion that some mysterious force can alter the ordinary into the extraordinary.
New York Electronic Crimes Task Force
Tuesday's overpowering show of force by the Nevada gambling aristocracy has had at least one audible effect on the National Gambling Impact Study Commission.
Today the forces of social decomposition are challenging--and in some instances, overtaking--the <b>forces</b> of social composition.
The FBI agent who handled the case in conjunction with the INS representative on the Minneapolis Joint Terrorism Task Force suspected that Moussaoui might be planning to hijack a plane.
Today, the Post says the Pakistanis were told that the bin Laden force numbers 4,000 to 5,000 members and that it has taken <b>part</b> in prior armed actions, including attacks against U.S. <b>forces</b> in Somalia, resulting in the deaths of 18 American soldiers.
The relation between mean ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and mean force from all the tissues that were stimulated with histamine is shown in the upper panel of Fig.
One detail: China will let U.S. firms buy stakes in Chinese telecom companies, but only up to 50 percent ("The forces of darkness in the Chinese telecom bureaucracies are going to have to slink under the rocks again," the LAT quotes one exultant pro-trade lobbyist).
These data suggest a biphasic response with ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation-associated force suppression with heat pretreatment between 43 and 46°C and deactivation by inhibition of ser 19-MRLC phosphorylation after heat pretreatment at 47.
Caldesmon is likely to play a modulatory role on the production of smooth muscle force via a tethering of actin to myosin [ 11 ] and/or of its effects on the actomyosin ATPase [ 12 13 14 ] . Similarly, TM does not seem to function as a major regulatory protein, but modulatory effects due to its ability to maintain the actin filamentous structure [ 15 ] , to inhibit the Ca 2+-ATPase activity [ 16 ] , alter the cytoskeletal dynamics [ 17 ] and improve actin filament flexibility during the contraction/relaxation cycle [ 18 19 ] have been well documented.
During cytokinesis, global and spatial mechanical properties are likely used to deform a cell, allowing the constriction of the cell's equator (reviewed in [ 22 ] ). These spatial properties include local modulation of stiffness and the generation of contractile force.
The editorial expressed a preference for limiting the disaster-relief force to U.S. allies, working under U.S. control.
The Justice Action Group undertook responsibility for overseeing the work of a number of task forces for specific issue areas.
Her behavior was stupid and hurt a lot of people, but if the point here is to measure the size of her errors, they are barely perceptible next to those of the <b>people</b> who ruined her: a literary agent with profit and something akin to treason on her mind; a federal prosecutor who chose to hound and harass a citizen with overweening <b>force</b> and little justification; and journalists who cooperated by exposing every last detail of her private life.
Already maintaining a NATO-led peacekeeping force in Bosnia, U.S. officials were beginning to consider major combat operations against Serbia to protect Muslim civilians in Kosovo from ethnic cleansing.
AAPS argued that because Hillary Clinton and other members of the task force and working group were not federal employees, the meetings should be open.
The task force has set two initial goals: to prioritize, coordinate and develop a work plan for legal work on a state-wide and regional level; and to develop resources to support this legal work through pooled resources of programs, collaborations with law schools, special funding from OLAF and foundations, and the creation of additional task <b>forces</b>.
He was interrupted by a phone call and succeeded in activating only one of two packages of explosives; had he left the second package in the briefcase, it too would have exploded, greatly increasing the force of the bomb and killing everyone in the room.
The Dior style went with the kind of physical force that is masked like a ballerina's.
European cities with expatriate Muslim communities, especially cities in central and eastern Europe where security forces and border controls are less effective
In the Pan-Arab daily al-Hayat , Abdelwahhab Badrakkhan wrote that the United States, by abrogating to itself the right to decide on the use of military <b>force</b>, had effectively "delegitimized" the United Nations.
Many of you might find this a shocking statement, but even the Shopping Avenger sometimes gets smacked upside the head by the evil forces of rampant capitalism.
, United States Preventive Services Task Force and Canadian Task <b>Force</b> for Preventive Health Care).
Our land and air forces strive to target only opposing armed <b>forces</b>."
The endothelial monolayer in vivo acts as a signal transduction interface for mechanical forces, in particular, shear stress.
) Do we really want U.S. special forces to coach foreign troops--especially in unstable countries--on crackdowns tactics?
3) About half of the force field protocols in Table 2suggest the extended (uncollapsed) conformer 4 to be lowest in energy.
Defense, they argue, rests on deterrence, which rests on credibility in threatening the use of force, which rests on the use of <b>force</b> when challenged.
An Army special force launched a raid on Mogadishu to capture him.
But it is a story that fits into standard economic analysis, is coherent and understandable, and reveals the interaction among the forces at work--the kind of story I miss when I read the daily reports.
The Task Force worked through subcommittees organized around the following broad areas: Client Need/Priorities, Structure and Organization, Funding, and Ethical Responsibility/Quality Assurance/Transition.
The weekly Warsaw Voice said that Poland's commitment to its new allies will be immediately put to the test by the crisis in Kosovo, to which it is pledging troops as part of a NATO peacekeeping <b>force</b>.
Which cutoff to use depends on the objective of the experiment: If one needs to make sure that the 'present' or 'absent' call for a particular gene is correct, a cut-off with high Sp should be chosen, whereas if one is willing to accept false-positives where signals are low, high Se will be the driving force.
Everybody leads with the deployment of more U.S. forces to the Persian Gulf, as the Clinton administration--via remarks not just by President Clinton, but also by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, Secretary of Defense William Cohen and Chairman of the JCS Gen.
The next lowest conformer is predicted to be 15-25 kcal/mol higher in energy, while overall conformer ranking between the different force fields generally inharmonious.
The NYT reports that the Brooklyn arrest was accomplished by "a black-clad antiterrorist task force," while one in Boston involved feds giving chase with guns drawn.
On hatching from the eggshell, L2 worms are able to locate and migrate towards a potential host plant, penetrate the root behind its tip in the zone of elongation, and migrate intercellularly through the vascular cylinder by separating cells at the middle lamella [ 4 ] . The migration is enabled by a combination of stylet protrusion (mechanical force) and secretion of cell-wall-degrading enzymes from specialized glands [ 5 6 7 8 ] . Upon completion of migration, secretions from the nematode's glands, and potentially other cues, induce root cells to alter their development and gene expression, undergoing abnormal growth and repeated endomitotic rounds of replication to form a feeding site made up of giant cells [ 9 10 ] . The L2 feeds from the giant cells for 10-12 days, then ceases feeding and molts three times over the next two days to form the adult.
The Los Angeles Times leads with word that a task force appointed by Gov.
All evidence suggests that unless this molecule is assembled into its appropriate thick filament array it cannot function to produce force.
By considering the stiffness of a D. discoideum cell [ 9 10 ] , we estimate the minimal required force to cleave a cell as a function of the cell's geometry.
In other British press editorials Wednesday, the conservative Daily Mail said that "public opinion is swinging in favor of an invasion" and that "the launch of a ground offensive seems likelier every day"; the Times "that it may take ground troops, backed by massive air power, to drive them [the Serbian <b>forces</b>] out of Kosovo"; the Daily Telegraph that Bill Clinton and Tony Blair should rapidly sanction "the Nato ground offensive that would be required to bring Serbia to heel"; and the Guardian that the West was sending a signal to Belgrade "that ground action is <b>becoming</b> an available option for Nato, should the air campaign bring no acceptable result, but that an opportunity remains for settlement before a decision on ground action is made."
It entails compromising with allies who are more cautious about applying force and authorizing targets.
Alabama's Legal Services programs have been working with a statewide task force to find a way to improve its system.
His stage-setting narrative is a conventional one: Hitler cements his hold on Germany through a combination of rhetoric, political stratagems, and force.
By extrapolating the results obtained on the descending limb of the force-sarcomere length relation, the force appears to decrease to zero at approximately 3.8 μm - 3.9 μm, consistent with previous findings with intact [ 12 ] or skinned fibers [ 13 ] of EDL muscle of the rat (3.
The 15 ethnic-Albanian "rebels" allegedly shot Friday in Kosovo by Serbian forces turned out to be 45 massacred civilians, many of whose mutilated bodies were discarded in a mass grave.
However, excess crosslinking frequently masks binding domains for probes while inadequate fixation may not preserve structures to leave them susceptible to mechanical forces during specimen processing.
The obviousness of Charlotte and Jon's evil leaches the force from the story.
Perceived analogies would be to "rogue cops" who are not prosecuted but must resign from the force and lose their pension (at least on television).
PP&E included in weapons systems are distinguished from general property, plant, and equipment held by defense agencies and defense support agencies in that they are intended to be used directly by the armed forces to carry out combat missions, when necessary, and to train in peacetime.
There are other, more important concerns for a president than integrating gays into the armed forces.
The halt to air strikes in Iraq is reported to leave Saddam Hussein in power, U.N. weapons inspectors less likely than ever before to return, and the U.S. mapping a new strategy of "containment" against Iraq, with military <b>forces</b> remaining in the region indefinitely.
Militias in East Timor said they will restrict their armed forces to certain areas to prevent interference in tomorrow's referendum, according to a LAT front-pager.
Leading organizations recognize the myriad forces driving their IT capabilities.
But with every passing day, it appears to be behaving more like Milosevic's Serbian forces, attacking an entire ethnic group, rather than defending humanitarian ideals."
Modern force fields with stretch, bend, torsional, hydrogen bond and cross-terms are parameterized primarily within three-bond units (A-B-X-Y).
The peaceful revolutions in eastern Europe in 1989 were indeed a defeat for the forces of illegitimate authority.
Cyclic nucleotide induced relaxation is associated with phosphorylation of heat shock protein 20 (also known as HSP20 or P20) on serine 16 [ 10 11 12 ] . More recently, ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation was shown to specifically and temporally correlate with "force suppression" rather than the "deactivation" form of relaxation [ 8 10 ] . A region of HSP20 (residues 110-121) has sequence homology with troponin I; peptides from this region bound thin filaments, reduced actin activated myosin S1 ATPase activity, and relaxed skinned swine carotid artery [ 10 ] . We hypothesized that binding of ser 16-phosphorylated HSP20 to the thin filament may "turn off" thin filaments so that phosphorylated myosin does not interact with the thin filament (i.e.
STATE PLANNING CONFIGURATION STANDARDS Final Task Force Report - Board Approved
In your July 18 "Assessment" of the Weinstein brothers, you state that Miramax was "the driving force" between various independent movies, among them Clerks , Trainspotting , and Il Postino . The wording of your article suggests that Miramax partook in the creation of those movies, when in fact they were funded and filmed without Miramax's assistance, and then Miramax bought and distributed them.
It is reasonable that the contractile ring may be able to generate greater force than is minimally required.
Many cities now give cops clear anti-brutality messages and better training on the use of force.
To remain competitive and ensure continued growth, Hewlett Packard formed a task force to find ways to reduce the cost of the finance organization.
The first federal budget surplus in twenty-nine years leads at the New York Times and Los Angeles Times . The Washington Post goes with NATO preparations for airstrikes against Slobodan Milosevic's forces in Yugoslavia.
It is possible that HSP20 induced force suppression may be <b>part</b> of a protective response to moderate heat exposure.
The Times reports that to maximize the show of force to the Serbians, Albanian officials had asked the NATO aircraft to come in low, and that some came in as low as 2,000 feet.
A series of twitches generated every 5 seconds at incrementally different muscle lengths was used to identify the point of maximal force generation ( L o ). Mean muscle length at L o was 2.68 ± 0.09 cm in control animals and 2.21 ± 0.07 cm in animals with emphysema ( P = 0.001).
In other words, the Force.
As for stopping the killing, only drastic measures are likely to work, such as deployment of a fully armed NATO deterrent force, as is being proposed in some quarters of Congress."
According to the EAPC Ethics Task Force "terminal' or 'palliative' sedation in those imminently dying must be distinguished from euthanasia.
Update on the bombing of Yugoslavia : 1) Serbian forces captured three U.S. soldiers who were patrolling the Macedonian-Serbian border.
One segment of the armed forces is the Construction Batallion, which was quickly abbreviated to C.B.
Creating e-mail lists and web forums for Task Forces and Coalition programs;
The argument has particular force in the context of Columbine, where the gunmen asked two girls if they believed in God, and when they answered affirmatively, shot them dead.
The statistical analysis revealed that the most important factor affecting the retention force was storage time (Tables 2and 5).
The allied forces of "morality," it says, are far more dangerous than the most "immoral" language.
Byron, who led the Greek armed <b>forces</b> in their fight for independence against the Ottoman Turks in 1824, is considered a national hero in Greece.
No, said Cohen, but "Milosevic is going to find that his military forces are systematically being diminished at a time when the KLA will come back," since it is "getting money and support and some arms from other countries, no doubt."
3), consistent with the hypothesis that ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation was mediating force suppression.
The toughest argument against Rosenfeld's position, which he doesn't really answer, comes when he notes that the administration's position is that Bosnia and Somalia are examples of presidential use of force without prior, formal congressional authorization.
But even managers who try to stay alert to these forces often gather their information anecdotally or informally.
The Telegraph also ran an editorial warning the British government against sending ground forces into action against the Serbs in Kosovo, saying it should consider air <b>power</b> instead.
Black Hawk helicopters by members of a Somali militia group and to the subsequent withdrawal of U.S. forces in early 1994.
McCain, who recently stood nearly alone in advocating the use of ground forces in Kosovo, obviously doesn't think that public opinion should determine the course of American military intervention.
Under the leadership of a statewide Technology Task Force, implementation of technology goals has begun.
Women are so large a part of the labor <b>force</b> that it is hard to believe that this could be true of the total if it were not also true of women.
The country's vast unpoliced regions make Pakistan attractive to extremists seeking refuge and recruits and also provide a base for operations against coalition forces in Afghanistan.
They have obliged the United States--which, after winning the Cold War, would have happily left the rest of the world to its own devices--to continue with "the tiresome business of threatening and using force, deploying troops in faraway places, and cobbling together coalitions."
Other initiatives include a statewide Child Support Task Force and a statewide Emma Lazarus Project.
This is inherently more credible than a commitment to use force for no good reason except that you said you would.
From this analysis, the peak force requirement occurs when the cell acquires a cylindrical shape.
Annan argues that any use of force in international affairs is illegitimate unless authorized by the Security Council.
As the "Chicano" label fell out of vogue, many of its supporters joined forces with the "Latino" camp, accusing the "Hispanic" partisans of grouping Mexican-Americans under their rubric to inflate their numbers.
In an animal cell, cytokinesis involves the generation of force in the region of the contractile ring (reviewed in [ 1 ] ). This was first appreciated in the 1960's when Rappaport demonstrated that the cleavage furrow cortex of echinoderm eggs produced <b>force</b> that was capable of bending a glass needle (reviewed in [ 1 ] ). Using calibrated needles, Rappaport directly measured the <b>force</b> that the contractile ring produced [ 2 ] . During the 1970's, nonmuscle myosin-II, the equivalent of the <b>force</b> producing molecule of skeletal muscle, was shown to localize to the region of the cleavage furrow cortex, suggesting the molecular basis for contractile <b>force</b> (reviewed in [ 1 3 ] ). Indeed, subsequent genetic studies revealed a nearly ubiquitous requirement for nonmuscle myosin-II during cytokinesis in organisms ranging from the cellular slime molds to metazoans (reviewed in [ 3 ] ).
The Weekly Standard argues that America should back Lee with words now and, if necessary, military force later, but the Washington Post reports that the U.S. envoys will pressure him to back down.
As more structure models become available, AQP diversity is <b>becoming</b> obvious because, irrespective of overall sequence homology, the surface topographies of different AQPs as seen by atomic <b>force</b> microscopy seem to vary widely [ 25, 26].
The NYT off-lead says that the U.S. will abandon U.N. arms inspections as a means of restraining Iraq in favor of traditional methods like sanctions and force.
We then consider the mechanical properties of myosin-II that have been measured using modern biophysical tools [ 11 12 13 14 ] to estimate how much myosin-II would be required to generate a particular amount of force.
says it needs, particularly for building a civilian police force.
Only, in the stock market, the equilibrating force is unfettered greed.
A limited war began between India and Pakistan, euphemistically called the "Kargil crisis," as India tried to drive the Pakistani forces out.
American and British forces could be deployed within hours of any decision to attack.
Identifying the mechanical properties of cells that allow them to undergo shape changes and elucidating the molecular mechanisms that cells use to generate the mechanical forces remains the ultimate challenge of understanding cellular morphogenesis.
And already combat forces are somewhat integrated in the Air <b>Force</b> (squadrons of pilots) and Navy (ship crews).
The WP explains that the principal stumbling block to a Kosovo agreement is that Slobodan Milosevic, head of Yugoslavia and a Serb, remains opposed to a NATO peacekeeping force on Serbian soil.
This legislation, enacted into law in October 2000, grants us the authority to establish new senior-level scientific and technical positions; offer targeted voluntary early-outs and buy-outs; and carry out reductions in force to downsize, realign, or correct skills imbalances within our agency.
My supposition of the moment--now that I find myself under Bashmet's sway (a definite indication of charismatic force, by the way)--is that charisma in music, the real thing and not the fake, is a more-than-musical quality.
There was no difference between the three material groups regarding retentive force (Table 3).
Jon Voight gives a fine understated performance as a police inspector, Brendan Gleeson's turn as Cahill is a "tour de force ...
In February 1999, Tenet sought President Clinton's authorization to enlist Massoud and his forces as partners.
Magaziner, a member of the task force, organized an "interdepartmental working group"--comprising bureaucrats and health-care experts--to supply the task <b>force</b> with facts and policy proposals.
Hardly had the groundwork been laid when China entered the Korean War, sending “volunteers” to fight against American-led United Nations forces.
In all cases, the force was not decreased when compared to previous contractions recorded at this same reference length, indicating that fatigue or damage did not occur in these experiments.
Days later, Indonesia took the territory by bloody force and declared it its 27th province.
The stone was taken as booty from a Crusader church in Acre (now Israel) when it was overrun by Arab forces.
There large numbers of scholars from U.S.universities pored over accounts from spies, communications intercepted by the armed forces, transcripts of radio broadcasts, and publications of all types, and prepared reports on economic, political, and social conditions in foreign theaters of operation.
"If the police force does not rush to investigate suspicions against a former prime minister, it will not have the moral justification to act against ordinary criminals," the paper said Friday.
Arriving on the coast in 1527, Montejo’s forces were hindered by the dense jungle and withering climate, and were met by fierce resistance from the natives.
Mazar-e-Sharif, in northern Afghanistan, fell to a coalition assault by Afghan and U.S. forces on November 9. Four days later the Taliban had fled from Kabul.
Sexually integrating ground combat forces is now favored by one assistant secretary of the Army.
Ibiza, Formentera, and Menorca were all captured by loyalist forces, who used the <b>islands</b> as a base for their naval operations.
Even the ultraconservative tabloid the Daily Mail urged Blair to be wary about using force against Saddam.
Neglecting the inertia term for the ligament, a balance of forces requires that the bone stress σ B ( t ) be equal to the ligament stress σ L ( t ) for constant area.
But even that program is called into question at least in part because some government coercion is justified, such as taxes to secure the creation of infrastructure and the police <b>force</b> to prevent private aggression (while curbing the excesses of rogue officers).
This tiny desert railway crossing was the scene of one of the pivotal battles of WWII, where Allied soldiers defeated Rommel’s German and Italian forces in 1942.
It was the logical force of but , in the end, that began to supply the dynamism of syllothetics, enabling it to combine, as it does, the undeniable energy of the syllogism with the indisputable <b>power</b> of the theorem.
During my time in senior high, and, after that, in the Army Air Force, I had other things on my mind (there was a war on, after all), and I didn't give the MUSKRAT-MUSKAT-MUSCAT RAMBLE problem any thought.
Upon entering the work force, he discovered few job opportunities that seemed to match his abilities.
Special Operations Forces into Afghanistan, perhaps as <b>part</b> of a team joined to a deployment of the CIA's own officers, would have required a major policy initiative (probably combined with efforts to secure the support of at least one or two neighboring countries) to make a long-term commitment, establish a durable presence on the ground, and be prepared to accept the associated risks and costs.
A State Intake and Advice Task Force will be convened in 2001 to examine ways in which to integrate and coordinate intake and advise practices across the state.
It also allowed us to give greater consideration to performance and employee skills and knowledge in any Reduction-in-Force actions.
Asked how the Corporation Counsel's Office could take on the expanded work while its own legal staff was being cut, Thomas L. McMahon, the general counsel of the City Council, said that in view of the city's "terribly difficult fiscal circumstances," the City Council plan provides a better way of "managing the city's work force given the resources we have."
One of these alarms was of a reported threat against Air Force One itself, a threat eventually run down to a misunderstood communication in the hectic White House Situation Room that morning.
Prepared for: Canadian Council of Ministers of the Environment Task Force on Cleaner Vehicles and Fuels, Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue blocks from female patients with breast lesions were retrieved from files of the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology.
The Air Force's Civil Air Patrol also gets money to help find downed planes and pilots.
The Air Force expects to buy 341 at a total acquisition cost (development and procurement) estimated at $69.
After the attacks had occurred, while crisis managers were still sorting out a number of unnerving false alarms, Air Force One flew to Barksdale Air <b>Force</b> Base in Louisiana.
When the requirements are met the fabrication has the potential to employ and retain a skilled work force as well as opportunity to save time and reduce field labor requirements.
An article says that the Air Force is losing confidence: After the Gulf War the Air <b>Force</b> felt it was the most important of the four services, but cuts in funding and troop strength, as well as a move toward unmanned aircraft, have shaken it.
The Dallas Morning News reported that Bush nearly flunked the Air Force pilot aptitude test but "scored high as a future leader."
Love Field / Air Force One!
Air Force F-16s tracking the plane could only watch as it flew on autopilot for over 1,000 miles, ran out of fuel, and plunged into a South Dakota swamp.
Seth tries to secure Calvin in his arms but the G force plasters him to the floor as the house shifts from the earth and lifts off at a speed unfathomable.
That’s where force comes in.
The United States cut virtually all military links with Indonesia in 1999 after its forces were implicated in the violence that swept East Timor after that territory voted for independence.
The main guerrilla force was demilitarized in 1996 with the establishment of a peace accord (Warren 2002: 157-158).
Pan-Mayanism in particular has sought to organize itself around the Mayan language; despite local dialectical differences, it is seen as the unifying force behind the diverse Mayan people.
We completely reject the idea that terrorism can be defeated by brute force, because brute force radicalizes the moderates, and they then join the terrorists.
We completely reject the idea that terrorism can be defeated by brute force, because brute force radicalizes the moderates, and they then join the terrorists.
Brute force has failed in Palestine, and it is failing in Iraq.
Micro-level activities gather the force and the power to shape macro-level processes and larger institutions.
However, our examples suggest subtler forces are at work.
ial sector itself has become a much more dominant force in our economy. From 1978 t
Both the Las Vegas Aerial Gunnery School (which became Nellis Air Force Base and the Nevada Test Site) in the north, and Basic Magnesium in the nearby town of Henderson, arrived in the early 1940s as a result of America’s war effort.
Duct tape is like the Force.
It has been proposed to strap giant slabs of hot buttered toast to the backs of hundreds of tethered cats; the two opposing forces will cause the cats to hover, spinning inches above the ground.
The clergyman teed up, addressed the ball, and swung his driver with great force...
If you keep your eyes open by force, they will pop out 16.
Early tales of Madame White Snake appeared in China as early as the Song Dynasty, and initially her portrayal was fairly direct, as a villainous demon who drains the life force out of her human husband.
Conversely, the authors of the two stories examined here do not give readers motivation to wish for the death of Madame White Snake, so the pleasure of the narrative - to borrow appropriate phrasing from film theory - comes not from the death of the insubordinate, disruptive force, from watching the transgressions themselves.
And thousands of endangered sea turtles and other creatures continue to die each year unnecessarily due to wasteful fishing and over development, forces that keep these species in a fragile state.
My arms shook from the force of his throw.
Hurricane force: A change in the rules and a fluke in the calendar this season allows colleges to play 12 regular-season games.
A total of 31 state psychology associations have task forces dedicated to developing and lobbying for prescription-privileges legislation.
Each time, Karnes said what he had to: "Call Air Force headquarters if you don't believe me."
Tibbets had just been ordered to organize a combat force to drop a bomb being developed by a secret enterprise known as the Manhattan Project.
An undercover force of Manhattan Project security agents infiltrated the base and bars in the little town of Wendover (population 103) to spy on airmen.
Eventually, some religious leaders involved in the Ecumenical Coalition joined forces within community members and former steel mill employees to create the Save Our Valley Campaign.
A joint Postal Service-Postal Rate Commission task force suggested a number of areas where additional special rules might further encourage Postal Service innovation.
6 The Postal Service petitioned the Commission in 1995 to adopt rules to implement some of the task force's recommendations.
6 See Postal Ratemaking in a Time of Change: A Report by the Joint Task Force on Postal Ratemaking, June 1, 1992.
Following publication of the report of the joint Postal Service-Postal Rate Commission task force on ratemaking, the Postal Service petitioned the Commission to adopt rules to implement some of the report's recommendations.
We need your support today to help us face off against a noisy chorus of anti-wildlife forces who oppose all efforts at commonsense environmental protection.
And with your increased commitment, we can battle against destructive global forces that transcend regional and national boundaries.
I want to give robust support to the groups that are trying to overthrow Saddam Hussein, and I know there are allegations that they're too weak to do it, but that's what they said about the forces that were opposing Milosevic in Serbia, and you know, the policy of enforcing sanctions against Serbia has just resulted in a spectacular victory for democracy just in the past week, and it seems to me that having taken so long to see the sanctions work there, building upon the policy of containment that was successful over a much longer period of time against the former Soviet Union in the communist block, seems a little early to declare that we should give up on the sanctions.
I don't think he would have fallen had we not used the force.
In some of the discussions we've had about when it's appropriate for the U.S. to use force around the world, at times the standards that you've laid down have given me the impression that if it's something like a genocide taking place or what they called ethnic cleansing in Bosnia, that that alone would not be, that that wouldn't be the kind of situation that would cause you to think that the U.S. ought to get involved with troops.
I figured this out; in the last 20 years there have been eight major actions that involved the introduction of U.S. ground, air or naval forces.
One of the criteria that I think is important in deciding when and if we should ever get involved around the world is whether or not our national security interest is involved, if we can really make the difference with military forces.
But because we had no allies and because it was very unclear that we could actually accomplish what we would want to accomplish about putting military forces there, I think it was the right thing not to jump in, as heartbreaking as it was, but I think we should have come in much quicker with the humanitarian mission.
The use of the military, there -- some people are now suggesting that if you don't want to use the military to maintain the peace, to do the civil thing, is it time to consider a civil force of some kind that comes in after the military that builds nations or all of that?
We know freedom is a powerful, powerful, powerful force, much bigger than the United States of America, as we saw recently in the Balkans.
Imagine what it -- what it is like for someone to be singled out unfairly, unjustly, and feel the unfair force of law simply because of race or ethnicity.
One of my concerns, though, is I don't want to federalize the local police forces.
So racial profiling isn't just an issue at local police forces.
And there's no market forces involved with health care.
But our National Guard and Reserve forces are being severely strained because many of them are being held beyond their enlistments.
Well, I think the fact that they're facing these repeated call-ups, some of them two and three deployments, and there's a stop- loss policy that prevents people from being able to get out when their time was up, is a reflection of the bad judgment this president exercised in how he has engaged in the world and deployed our forces.
Now, I've proposed adding two active-duty divisions to the armed forces of the United States -- one combat, one support.
In addition, I'm going to double the number of Special Forces so that we can fight a more effective war on terror, with less pressure on the National Guard and Reserve.
But the most important thing to relieve the pressure on all of the armed forces is frankly to run a foreign policy that recognizes that America is strongest when we are working with real alliances, when we are sharing the burdens of the world by working through our statesmanship at the highest levels and our diplomacy to bring other nations to our side.
And the result is our forces today are overextended.
The international community, the international world said this is the right thing to do, but when it came time to authorize the use of force on the Senate floor, my opponent voted against the use of force.
The international community, the international world said this is the right thing to do, but when it came time to authorize the use of force on the Senate floor, my opponent voted against the use of force.
And that's why early in my administration I called the attorney general and the U. S. attorneys and said: Put together a task force all around the country to prosecute those who commit crimes with guns.
In Phase One, the United States and its allies would move forces into the region and arrange to operate from or over neighboring countries such as Uzbekistan and Pakistan.
Mazar-e-Sharif, in northern Afghanistan, fell to a coalition assault by Afghan and U.S. forces on November 9. Four days later the Taliban had fled from Kabul.
In March 2002, the largest engagement of the war was fought, in the mountainous Shah-i-Kot area south of Gardez, against a large force of al Qaeda jihadists.
In Phase Four, civilian and military operations turned to the indefinite task of what the armed forces call "security and stability operations."
They built many impressive churches during the term of the first Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem, but in 1187 they were driven out by Muslim forces under the great warrior Saladin.
Whatever the struggle for adoption may have been, the language of egalitarian principle came into force.
). Annan said he believes the agreement will hold because--as has never happened before--it was negotiated in person by Saddam; he also said Bill Clinton had shown "a great capacity for leadership" in the Iraqi crisis by uniting diplomacy with a show of force.
The smoothness of the force output of a muscle is enhanced by the firing rate / recruitment interaction within the MU pool [ 1 ] and the mechanical filtering effect of the tissue, compensating for the discrete nature of the process, which builds up the actual muscle <b>force</b> from individual muscle fiber twitches.
As we learn more and more clearly in each volume, there are lots of ways to help the forces of darkness: You can join them with all your heart, but you can also succumb to prejudice, or self-righteousness, or some apparently silly temptation.
Its conquest by the forces of Count Afonso Henriques in 1147 was considered a pivotal triumph in the Reconquest of Portugal.
Communication rather than confrontation, concern rather than condemnation, and facilitation rather than force or law enforcement should mark the interventions.
While Serb forces prevented foreign journalists from ascertaining the fate of ethnic Albanians inside Kosovo, American leftists held up images of Serb civilian casualties as proof that the bombing was wrong and must be stopped.
So the work done is given by just adding up little increments of the force acting on a mass and accelerating it through a distance.
In 1578, the people of Amsterdam rose up against the papal <b>forces</b> and threw them from the city — a time known as the Alteration.
Essabar turned extremist fairly suddenly, probably in 1999, and reportedly pressured one acquaintance with physical force to <b>become</b> more religious, grow a beard, and compel his wife to convert to Islam.
Here we come to a problem that will prove stubborn if the military tries to sexually integrate ground combat forces such as the infantry.
In an attempt to counter a threat from the Saracen Muslims, a new potent religious force from the East, the <b>Byzantine</b> army forcefully enlisted the men of the <b>islands</b>.
And listen, I'm getting in line even earlier for tickets to Episode 2 . The Force is with me, butt-head."
Although the Persians’ forces and resources were vastly superior, Darius hadn’t anticipated the amazing courage and battlefield skill of the Greeks.
Our observations and those of Halgren [ 4 ] suggest that a given force field or quantum chemical method selected for potential application to a highly-polar molecular system be carefully validated to assure that conformational energy comparisons are not spurious.
In its heyday SCOSE was chaired by one of the academic members, which gave it a certain impartiality and independent force, and the circulation of its findings was the responsibility of a senior ABC officer and a trained secretary-cum-research assistant who was the servant of the committee and who reported to that officer.
The essential force behind the performance impact of these practices is their effective integration with one another.
One of the darker attractions is the Exhibition Hall for the Ruins of the Japanese Troops Invading China, site of a secret biological warfare center set up by the occupying Japanese forces in 1939.
Assessing the external environment is particularly important, in part because so many external <b>forces</b> that fall beyond an organization's influence can powerfully affect its chances for success.
The European Union has agreed to send in a few dozen military and police advisers, but not a big force.
If this force was lost through violence or a trauma, death could occur.
We found that temperatures between 43 and 46°C increased ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and suppressed force, i.e. reduced <b>force</b> without reductions in ser 19-MRLC phosphorylation (Fig.
If Napoleon did not exactly “liberate” Italy, he did shake up the old conservatism from Lombardy to Naples by creating new universities and high schools, streamlining the bureaucracy, creating a new legal system with his Napoleonic Code, and generally awakening the forces of Italian nationalism.
In that explosive word, the Democrats' three criticisms of the process--unpopularity, partisanship, and the participation of lawmakers who lost their seats in the election--combined with the force of a thermonuclear reaction.
Consider Isaac Newton and his famous F = MA, force is equal to mass times acceleration.
They were repulsed at Hispaniola by a strong Spanish force and decided to take Jamaica as a consolation prize.
Retention force
The WP is more interested in Trent Lott's efforts to keep the Republican forces in line.
Our research indicates that the relationships between firms in the textile and apparel industries remain underdeveloped, with new competitive forces driving both sides to change.
Egypt became one of the most influential Arab states, especially when, in the mid-9th century, a more powerful Arab <b>force</b> — the Fatimids — swept across Egypt from the west.
The Aztecs believed in an inner force that provided warmth, courage, vitality, and in children, growth.
Founded by Phoenician traders more than 3,000 years ago, it came under Carthaginian and Roman rule before falling to the Moorish invasion force in 711.
When the motor units in-series with the receptor were activated, there was a linear force applied to the receptor, resulting in increased impulse discharge.
the force levels on the copings that fractured were not lower than those of those that did not fracture.
Physicists have an answer  work is force acting through distance  given by a single number, or scalar, representing the sum of the <b>force</b> acting through the distance.
It was off the coast here that Commodore Matthew Perry, ordered by the US government to open diplomatic relation with Japan by force if necessary, anchored his fleet of black ships.
Thus part of the answer to the emergence of specific structures lies in the expansion and cooling of the universe, with the associated sequences of symmetry breakings that split the four fundamental <b>forces</b>, yielded a quark-gluon soup that cooled into other elementary particles, then atoms, simple molecules, self-gravitating masses, galaxies, giant molecular clouds, and second-generation stars.
In 1868 the Satsuma and Choshu clans, never a real threat to Tokugawa authority as long as they remained rivals, joined forces to overthrow the shogun and restore the authority of the emperor, the 14-year-old Mitsuhito.
But since rates based on content are seldom the outcome of competitive forces, such an effort would in all likelihood fail.
According to the myth, the "ultra-secretive" WTO has become a sort of super-governmental body that <b>forces</b> nations to bow to the wishes of multinational corporations.
First, let’s just consider the physicist’s definition of work as the integral of force acting through distance.
Attacks by pirates and Islamic forces brought terror to the <b>people</b>, but Cretans remained loyal to the Orthodox Church throughout the Arab occupation of a.d. 824–961.
But as I originally stated, numerous forces are responsible for limiting the consumer imports of this disparate group of countries.
Current particle physics has united three of the four fundamental forces  the electromagnetic, weak, and strong forces called the “standard model.”
They faced repeated assault and siege from neighboring Malay forces, and malaria was a constant scourge.
But just when you start to get impatient with the plodding, one-thing-after-another style of narration, there's a shocker that blows you into the movie's last act, and then a scene in which a couple of former antagonists figure out what stinks and join forces in an abandoned motel to stave off an army of bad guys.
Mass is that which resists acceleration by force.
In our study, no such forces acted on the cemented coping from time of cementation to time of testing.
In any specific case of work done, some direction of application of force is specified in three-dimensional space, some actual direction of motion of the mass is specified in three-dimensional space, and some actual coupling mechanism is in place such that the <b>force</b> does act on the mass and get it to accelerate in that direction.
In 1296 he led a force of nearly 30,000 men into Scotland and captured the castles of Roxburgh, Edinburgh, and Stirling.
The amount of myosin-II required to produce a particular amount of force was calculated by assuming that a single head of myosin-II produces 3.5 pN of <b>force</b> [ 12 ] . To correct for myosin-II's duty ratio (t s / t c ), the following considerations were used.
You will use force to defend some policy or principle.
The intention was to say that they could use lethal force if the attempted capture seemed impossible to complete successfully.
Lines such as "I am the self-consumer of my woes" have a distinction and force that need no propping up by the pathos of the life behind the <b>writing</b>.
“The church remained the most powerful center and cohesive force in the Mexican American colony.
A third force is often in the news, but the parties pushing for independence — establishing Puerto Rico as a separate nation — have thus far gained only minority support at the polls.
The Wall Street Journal runs an AP dispatch stating that the Chechens have "repulsed" Russian forces.
The forces of the Union could draw sustenance, as I have suggested, from the reconceptualization of the American <b>people</b> as an organic nation.
Ottoman forces made surprisingly light work of taking the fortress in 1646.
In the presence of an external force, as is seen by Myo1c during an excitatory mechanical stimulus in a hair cell [ 39 ] , Ca 2+(which enters the cell through open transduction channels), should permit Myo1c to go through its ATPase cycle, binding and unbinding from actin, but the altered interaction of calmodulin and IQ1 may prevent <b>force</b> production by the motor.
Arriving in Nassau with a powerful force and promising amnesty for surrender, he <b>became</b> a legend by cleaning out many of the pirates and establishing some order.
Rather than treat the cocaine inquiry as a dialogue in which the questions as well as the answers are subject to rational scrutiny, most reporters depict it as a force of nature.
Constantinople was taken by Crusader forces in 1204, and they stripped the city of manyof its finest treasures — which now grace the public buildings of Venice — although a large consignment of books and manuscripts was <b>transferred</b> to the monastery at Patmos before the city fell.
A weaker America will result from the idea that we can triumph without peril to our armed forces.
A limpieza can expel the hostile forces and also provide spiritual strength so that the person can effectively fight off negative energy.
The Moors fortified the city, developing the settlement into a major trading port serving Granada, and it was one of the last cities in Spain to be re-conquered by Christian forces in 1487.
Granma , the Cuban Communist Party daily, described the euro as a force for "tranquility and stability" and "a challenge to the economic and financial hegemony of the United States."
This compact district has evolved from a ghetto (imposed on the Chinese in the 19th century by the city’s founders) into a local economic and political force.
Noncompliance would mean U.S. "force directed at the Taliban itself " and U.S. efforts to ensure that the Taliban would never defeat the Northern Alliance.
It'd certainly be more cathartic for the anti-smoking forces, and probably less painful for the tobacco industry, than the farcical death by a thousand cuts process that's currently underway in Washington.
In any specific case of work done, some direction of application of force is specified in three-dimensional space, some actual direction of motion of the mass is specified in three-dimensional space, and some actual coupling mechanism is in place such that the <b>force</b> does act on the mass and get it to accelerate in that direction.
Kemal handled the problem with his usual vigour and eloquence in a speech to the Assembly, by linking the power of the caliphate with that of the Assembly: “… It was by <b>force</b> that the sons of Osman seized the sovereignty and Sultanate of the Turkish nation… Now the Turkish nation has rebelled and has put a stop to these usurpers, and has effectively taken sovereignty and the Sultanate into its own hands.
When the Shopping Avenger sees the forces of rampant capitalism manhandling an unfortunate soul, he will fly to the rescue straightaway, unless he's busy leading anarchists into battle on the streets of Seattle, or napping.
Upon entering the work force, he discovered few job opportunities that seemed to match his abilities.
The President also tasked Rumsfeld to ensure that robust measures to protect American military forces against terrorist attack were implemented worldwide.
Meanwhile, a task force headed by Vice President George H.W.
General John Jumper had commanded U.S. air forces in Europe and seen Predators used for reconnaissance in the Balkans.
Wholesaler-jobber enterprises of the time, such as Field, Leiter and Company in Chicago (which later became Marshall Field and Company), required both a purchasing organization and an extensive traveling sales <b>force</b> to sell to the scattered general stores in smaller cities and country towns.
She inherited the country’s rampant inflation and the conflict between Kurdish separatists and the security forces in the southeast.
The regulations in force are maintained and strengthened because distributors, wholesalers, and large wineries benefit from them, and they are organized and politically powerful.
In the production of both men’s and women’s clothing, immigrant labor provided a continuing secure labor force that often already had the requisite skills.
Thus, economic growth depends not only on the amount of saving and investment but also on an educated work force, an expanding base of knowledge, a continuing infusion of innovations, and a sound legal and institutional environment.
The NYPD suffered 23 fatalities-the second largest loss of life of any police force in history, exceeded only by the number of PAPD officers lost the same day.
"First Black to Lead Force," the only racial reference, attempts to touch black pride while still appealing across racial lines.
A full-blown textile industry therefore blossomed in New England, fostered by the region’s access to abundant water power, capital, mechanical skills, and a hardworking labor <b>force</b>.
The problem is that, of the 3,100 member U.N. police force planned for Kosovo, only 156 officers are there yet, and the NATO troops in the area haven't been able to close the gap.
Levi's workers have always been well paid relative to the industry as a whole, and the company has kept 55 percent of its manufacturing work force in Canada and the United States.
For example, the American Academy of Family Physicians [ 18 20 ] and the 2 ndUnited States Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) advise mammography every 1-2 years for women aged 50-69 years [ 21 ] . (Since completion of data collection for this project, the 3rd USPSTF released an updated statement advising mammography, with or without clinical breast examination, every 1-2 years for women aged 40 years and older [ 22 ] ).
The major determinants of economic growth in the model are changes in the labor force, capital formation, and the growth in total factor productivity.
Indeed, retailers like Wal-Mart Stores, Kmart Corporation, and Dillard’s Inc. have been the driving forces behind changes in manufacturing and logistics systems in a way that was unheard of in Bond Stores’ time.
In the mid-1980s, on the basis of a report from a task force headed by Vice President George Bush and after terrorist attacks at airports in Rome and Athens, the DCI created a Counterterrorist Center to unify activities across the Directorate of Operations and the Directorate of Intelligence.
When it comes to the driving force behind the late twentieth-century industrial transformation, lean retailing is at the forefront of that revolution.
Weapons range from Indian clubs and tomahawks to the longer-range guided missiles of today’s armed forces.
The cleavage furrow cortex increases in stiffness above the global stiffness in mammalian cells as determined by atomic force microscopy [ 23 ] . This regional increase in stiffness is likely to occur in most or all metazoan and ameboid cells.
Scholarly reviewers honor it as "an enduring masterpiece that immediately catches up readers in its transpersonal force and sweep" (Steven Marcus, the New York Times Book Review ).
The paradigm of the exploitative, oppressive relationship in the American experience is, of course, slavery, and therefore in 1865, as the first task of the new constitutional order, we banned the very possibility of private relationships of slavery, established either by force or by consensual agreement between master and slave.
The Tokugawa shoguns, however, sensed that the internal strains might be contained, by sheer brute force if necessary, as long as new pressures were not exerted from outside by foreigners once again offering disgruntled daimyo new sources of income.
In an animal cell, cytokinesis involves the generation of force in the region of the contractile ring (reviewed in [ 1 ] ). This was first appreciated in the 1960's when Rappaport demonstrated that the cleavage furrow cortex of echinoderm eggs produced <b>force</b> that was capable of bending a glass needle (reviewed in [ 1 ] ). Using calibrated needles, Rappaport directly measured the <b>force</b> that the contractile ring produced [ 2 ] . During the 1970's, nonmuscle myosin-II, the equivalent of the <b>force</b> producing molecule of skeletal muscle, was shown to localize to the region of the cleavage furrow cortex, suggesting the molecular basis for contractile <b>force</b> (reviewed in [ 1 3 ] ). Indeed, subsequent genetic studies revealed a nearly ubiquitous requirement for nonmuscle myosin-II during cytokinesis in organisms ranging from the cellular slime molds to metazoans (reviewed in [ 3 ] ).
Even more important, the forces examined in this book provide a glimpse into processes reshaping a considerable portion of the economy.
Finding his forces outnumbered and overextended here, the young prince beat a tactical retreat, but the English army hounded him relentlessly.
Britain's Independent on Sunday reports that pro-Indonesian militiamen fleeing from the multinational peacekeeping forces in East Timor are setting up guerrilla bases in Indonesia's sympathetic West Timor.
Broderick reported that the Task Force has made considerable progress in examining concerns pertinent to service area configuration and the right of designated stakeholders to appeal decisions with which they disagree.
The reason given for the recent changes in the welfare program for families was that the program as it was, promoted self-destructive behavior--dropping out of school, dropping out of the work force, and having children with no father present.
Whether the Union forces could properly seize ships without congressional approval <b>became</b> one of the early legal controversies of the war.
Security forces opened fire on rioters and killed some 80 <b>people</b>.
The west of the island was the initial landing spot for German <b>forces</b> in WWII and saw much fighting.
U.N. peacekeeping forces now officially control the territory and are encouraging exiled refugees to return home.
Another vast, unforgettable Velázquez canvas here is Surrender of Breda, commemorating a Spanish victory over Dutch forces in 1625.
A political battle among anti-American Islamic fundamentalists, the Pakistani military, and more moderate mainstream political forces has already spilled over into violence, and there have been repeated recent attempts to kill Pakistan's president, Pervez Musharraf.
It's easy to overstate the new athletics as a force for social change, but don't count on surfers opposing the president's ludicrous, Reagan-revival anti-missile plan.
And millions of people have seen the photograph of an unknown Jewish soldier fervently praying at the Western Wall minutes after Israeli <b>forces</b> captured the Old City in 1967.
The CIA learned in the spring of 1998 that the Saudi government had quietly disrupted Bin Ladin cells in its country that were planning to attack U.S. forces with shoulder-fired missiles.
Of course, during the war, the 1787 Constitution remained nominally in force.
The name of the square, Praça da Restauração (“Restoration Square”), recalls Olhão’s most glorious moment, when an improvised local army rebelled against Napoleon’s occupying forces in 1808.
On the state level, IOLTA--based funders including but not limited to IOLTA programs in Ohio, Florida, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia, New York, New Jersey and Michigan--have also been a key force in state planning.
The next day, when reporters asked what the soldiers had been up to, Lockhart insisted "they were left there in a peaceful and peacekeeping fashion, as a peacekeeping force."
Force is that which induces acceleration when applied to a mass.
With British help, Pedro defeated Miguel off Cape St. Vincent in 1833, and his expeditionary force marched to Lisbon.
Six years later the opposition of radical forces resulted in Primo de Rivera’s fall.
Axis forces were at one point only 150 miles from Cairo but Allied soldiers finally gained the upper hand following the British victory at El Alemain in 1942, and Egypt remained firmly in British hands for the rest of the war.
With wily Prime Minister Giovanni Giolitti manoeuvering the forces of capital and labor, Italy began its 20th century in a blithe state of calm and prosperity known as Italietta.
British forces suffered constant harassment at their hands and even named a <b>part</b> of the <b>island</b> “The Land of Look Behind” in recognition of the surprise attacks they suffered.
The fleet of 700 Persian ships then engaged the much smaller Athenian naval force under the command of Themistocles in the Strait of Salamis, but Xerxes was in for a surprise.
The French Wars of Religion pitted the Catholic forces of the regent Catherine de Médicis against the Protestant (Huguenot) camp headed by Henri de Navarre.
After a final bloody defeat by the Muslims in 1309, Christian forces were forced from the Holy Land.
The squat but angular and moated Castillo de la Real Fuerza (Fort of the Royal Forces), to the north, is one of the oldest forts in the Americas, begun in 1558.
Cromwell’s forces then invaded Scotland, crushed the Covenanter army, and went on to take Edinburgh.
The Indians gathered their forces for one last great battle, and thousands of them fell upon the Spanish camp, now defended by 200 men.
The attack on Batista’s forces at the Moncada Barracks in 1953 thrust Fidel Castro into the national limelight, and it was in Santiago’s main square that he first declared victory, on 1 January 1959.
This is a Hindu emblem of two superimposed triangles, the up-pointing one denoting the male force, the other the female.
Venetian forces attempted to wrest the city from Ottoman control twice.
In the end, people were reluctant to make a complete change until 1981, when the <b>forces</b> for reform gathered sufficient strength to elect François Mitterrand as the Fifth Republic’s first Socialist president.
After several unsuccessful skirmishes, the Christian forces of Alfonso VI captured Madrid in 1083.
The real battle, however, was waged under the leadership of the Duke of Wellington, whose coalition forces expelled the French after two years of bitter fighting.
West Jerusalem, separated from the rest of the new Jewish nation, held out under siege for several months until Israeli forces secured a land corridor connecting the city to the coastal areas.
Less than a century later, the Qing Dynasty itself was destroyed by Republican forces, ending China’s last period of imperial rule.
The “Imperial” coffers were empty, the empire swiftly began to contract, and British military forces were pulled out of Bermuda after 174 years.
After years of government propaganda predicting the worst atrocities, most Japanese civilians were surprised at the warmth and friendliness of the occupying forces.
In 1537 another force, under the command of Montejo el Mozo (the Younger), Don Francisco’s son, set out to plant the Spanish standard on Yucatecan soil.
De Gaulle, with his canny sense of history, took an important step toward rebuilding national self-confidence by insisting that French armed forces fight side by side with the Americans and British for the liberation of the country, but, above all, that the French army be the first to enter Paris itself.
In 1927 it was the setting for the first Communist-led armed uprising against the Nationalist forces.
Congress called for nothing less than the conquest of Canada, but Major-General Isaac Brock’s tiny Canadian force, allied with Chief Tecumseh’s Shawnee Indians, routed a half-hearted American invasion along the Niagara frontier.
Often unaware of the particular Spanish origins of the struggle, many Europeans saw the civil war as a crucial conflict between democracy and dictatorship, or from the other side, as a conflict between law and order and the forces of social revolution and chaos.
Israeli forces then penetrated north to bombard PLO positions in Beirut.
As the Byzantine Empire weakened at the end of the first millennium, Crusader <b>forces</b> were sent from Western Europe to counter the Muslim <b>forces</b> and retake Jerusalem for the Christian faith.
At the innermost point, where the ocean’s force is completely spent but the booming waves can still be heard, is a small beach with shaded picnic area adjoining it.
Two years later Muslim forces rallied again, retaking Silves, and the Reconquista stumbled on for another half century.
As the Byzantine Empire weakened at the end of the first millennium, Crusader <b>forces</b> were sent from Western Europe to counter the Muslim <b>forces</b> and retake Jerusalem for the Christian faith.
It was rebuilt in Baroque style after the return of the Christian forces, and between 1873 and 1896 it was completely reconstructed along its present Neo-Gothic lines.
By 123 b.c. the Romans had pacified most of Spain and sent out an invading force.
The landmarks are the air force headquarters (a modern copy of El Escorial) and Madrid’s youngest triumphal arch, which commemorates the Franco victory of 1939.
Out-manned and outgunned, Jackson mobilized a force of somewhat irregular members: an unlikely coalition of militiamen, local Creoles, free blacks, Choctaws, and associates of the privateers Jean and Pierre Lafitte (see page 74).
In retaliation for this unsuccessful attempt to expel Westerners from Beijing, military forces representing the eight foreign nations resident in the capital went on a rampage, destroying the national library and even setting fire to the Summer Palace.
Applying the principle of geographical integrity, Nehru regained French Pondicherry by negotiation after Independence, and Portuguese Goa by force in 1961.
Their low white-washed houses and cobbled streets were long ago enclosed by walls to keep the Spanish out — a purpose that failed in 1762, when a force of French and Spanish troops blew up the castle, leaving it a fairly uninspiring ruin.
Fearing German occupation and submarine use of the islands, the Allies imposed a painful blockade and threatened to use military <b>force</b>.
At home, his authoritarian rule required a brutal police force.
Article 9 renounced Japan’s right to maintain armed forces, although the ambiguous wording was later taken to permit the creati on of a “self-defense” <b>force</b>.
Survivors recall three and a half years of hunger and hardship under the occupation forces, who deported many Hong Kong Chinese to the mainland.
The Old City, including the Jewish Quarter, was in Jordanian hands and off limits to Jews until reclaimed by Israeli forces in 1967.
Note that the cannon emplacements slope downward, a clever innovation that allowed the defenders to fire directly at the Spanish/French forces attacking from La Linea.
United States forces captured Los Angeles in 1847, and the Mexicans capitulated at Cahuenga.
From there it was easy to make the transition to taking goods by subterfuge or by force.
Directing national policy until his death in 1642, Richelieu reasserted the authority of his king against both the conservative Catholics who surrounded the queen mother and the Protestant forces that were fiercely defending the privileges granted them by the Edict of Nantes.
In the latter part of the 16th century, it twice came under attack by enemy naval <b>forces</b>, and a period of prosperity ensued when the Casa de Contratación, or the monopoly rights for trade with the Americas, was <b>transferred</b> from Sevilla by order of Felipe V in 1717.
The armed forces finally overthrew him in a popular bloodless coup, known as the “Carnation Revolution,” on 25 April 1974.
The chiefs governed their feudal domains by force, ritual, and taboo.
Advancing inland to attack the Balinese base at Jagaraga, they were ambushed by a bigger but less well-armed force led by Jelantik, younger brother of the Raja of Bululeng.
These peoples revered the <b>forces</b> of nature personified by innumerable gods and goddesses whose activities and moral guidelines are chronicled in prayers, hymns, and poetic sacred epics of great antiquity.
The Spanish-American War was no great challenge for the US force that landed at Guánica, on Puerto Rico’s calm south coast, rather than at fortified San Juan.
From 1826, British law was technically in force (except for Muslim custom), but in practice few British lived in the Straits, and Asian community affairs were run by merchant leaders serving as unofficial kapitans.
In 1927, the Communist-led forces who established the Guangzhou Commune were wiped out by the troops of Chiang Kai-shek.
One of the uniting forces for the nationalist movement after the defeat of Napoleon were the Lesecafés (reading cafés) such as Spargnapani and Kranzler.
In the early 18th century, problems over succession to the Spanish throne led to an Anglo-Dutch force capturing Gibraltar in 1704.
He managed to simultaneously pursue foreign conquests in Germany and Austria and domestic reforms that included a modernized university, a police force, and proper supplies of drinking water for Pari­sians.
The defeat of English forces at the Battle of Hastings in 1066 enabled the Norman <b>forces</b> of France to assume royal <b>power</b>.
More ominous than the French were the forces of Sir Francis Drake.
Chandragupta extended his rule to the northwest with a rigorous campaign against the Greek <b>forces</b> of Seleucus Nikator.
The defeat of English forces at the Battle of Hastings in 1066 enabled the Norman <b>forces</b> of France to assume royal <b>power</b>.
But the execution of a troublemaker from Toronto brought in a retaliatory force of Ontario troops, and Riel fled to the United States.
Over 730,000 men and women served in the armed forces, which suffered 43,000 losses.
Greece was invaded by Nazi Germany in April 1941; by June the Germans controlled the entire country, with Italian forces placed in Athens.
For undermanned Guadeloupe and Martinique, the French pirates were critically important: in return for a safe haven, they carried in supplies, raided enemy merchant vessels, and joined battles against invading forces.
Article 9 renounced Japan’s right to maintain armed forces, although the ambiguous wording was later taken to permit the creati on of a “self-defense” <b>force</b>.
Despite some serious attempts by English and Dutch forces, the fort was never forcibly taken.
The gigantic castle he erected at Osaka was the biggest Japan had ever seen, requiring a work force of 30,000 men.
During the Cultural Revolution (1966–1976), however, he was denounced as a counter-revolutionary force.
To see where the British and Canadians, with the support of the Free French forces, attacked on the eastern half of the beaches, start out at the port town of Ouistreham-Riva-Bella.
The wind whistles with great force in Fuerteventura and may even have given the <b>island</b> its name, a corruption and inversion of el viento fuerte (the strong wind).
The islands’ names refer to the different <b>force</b> winds hitting them, not their topography.
Allied forces operated submarine-hunting and air-sea rescue stations on the <b>islands</b>; Royal Air <b>Force</b> pilots and Royal Navy frogmen were trained here, and much trans-Atlantic air traffic passed through the Bahamas.
Although Britain remained officially neutral and British subjects were forbidden from taking part in the hostilities, the Bermudians pitched in to help supply British arms and goods to the Confederate cause against the Union <b>forces</b>.
On Bali, in November, 1946, Indonesian nationalist fighters, led by Ngurah Rai, found themselves trapped by Dutch forces close to Marga, north of Tabenan.
In 1762 British forces captured Havana.
Spain again became a battleground in the early 1800s, with British <b>forces</b> taking on Napoleon’s troops in the Peninsular War.
A century later on 19 March 1812, while under attack from Napoleon’s forces, the national parliament met in the St. Felipe Neri Church and proclaimed the first Spanish parliament.
To the west of Naoussa is Kolymbithres, a growing resort whose beaches are surrounded by strange rock features that are folded by immense natural forces and eroded by the wind.
Seven years later, the opposition of radical forces toppled Primo de Rivera from <b>power</b>.
The most recent research has uncovered evidence supporting another hypothesis — that an attack by invaders or rebel forces may have brought about the end of this fine culture.
Splendidly ornate stone friezes realistically depict battle scenes of World War I, with each branch of the forces represented.
Jaume I proved to be an enlightened ruler who profited from the talents of the Moors — converted by force to Christianity — as well as of the <b>island</b>’s large Jewish and Genoese trading communities.
The first Barrett family member came to Jamaica with the invading English forces.
In October 1944, the Allied forces moved into Athens and much of Greece, encountering little opposition from the retreating Germans.
Also in southern Nanjing, you can see the ruins of the Palace of the Heavenly King (Tianqangfu), built when the forces of the Taiping Rebellion captured the city (see page 41).
A few hours after Japan’s attack on the American fleet at Pearl Harbor in December 1941, a dozen Japanese battalions began an assault on Hong Kong; Hong Kong’s minimal air force was destroyed on the airfield at Kai Tak within five minutes.
This octagonal tower was erected in 1803 by Prince Edward, tough commander of the Nova Scotia forces and future father of Queen Victoria.
The most memorable incident occurred in 1868 in the mountain town of Lares, when government forces crushed an uprising of secessionists, killing or jailing the insurgents, and many innocent victims.
A strong independence party, the Wafd, gained political power during the 1920s and <b>became</b> a prominent <b>force</b> throughout the next few decades.
North of the town of Aguadilla, traveling out toward the airport and Rafael Hernandez air force base, are a series of fine bathing and surfing beaches.
In 1906 a force of mainly Moluccan troops led by Dutch officers marched on Denpasar to enforce compliance.
The following year he returned to southeastern Cuba with a force of 81 guerrillas (including Che Guevara) crammed onto a small yacht, the Granma.
In 1870, Prussian Chan­cellor Bismarck exploited an obscure diplomatic conflict with France to unite the various German principalities and kingdoms into a fighting force well equipped for war.
The emperor renounced his divinity, and US forces took formal control of Japan.
In response, the Americans, British, Dutch, and French combined forces to smash the Choshu fortified positions, and Britain retaliated for the assassination by practically leveling the town of Kagoshima in southern Kyushu.
Wolfe Tone secured aid from France, but a storm scattered the ships of the invading force.
The decision was made to import a work force from West Africa, resulting in some 600,000 slaves being transported to Jamaica over the next few decades.
Sítio, the 90-m (300-ft) cliff at the north end of Nazaré, offers an excellent vantage point over the green hilly countryside, the tiled roofs of the neatly packed town, and mile after mile of beach open to the full force of the Atlantic Ocean.
On the right, nationalist forces were motivated by a desire to hit back at Germany, seeing all contact with foreigners or any form of “cosmopolitanism” as a threat to national honor and integrity.
Though vastly outnumbered and outgunned, Deveaux employed elaborate ruses with his little boats to convince the Spanish defenders that his force was overpowering.
Despite some early setbacks, the Communist armies became an overwhelming <b>force</b>.
They built many impressive churches during the term of the first Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem, but in 1187 they were driven out by Muslim forces under the great warrior Saladin.
The Parsis base their elaborate code of ethics on the concept of a constant struggle existing between the forces of creation — that is, light and good — and those of darkness and evil.
King James I of Aragon authorized the occupation of the islands under <b>forces</b> commanded by Guillermo de Montgri, a solid Catalonian citizen with titular ecclesiastical rank.
The years from 1946 to 1949 saw the Dutch trying to reassert control; however, weakened as it was from years of Nazi occupation, the Netherlands was not able to muster the huge forces needed to recapture all the <b>islands</b>.
The Ottoman Turks pushed Venetian and other forces from Asia Minor, through the <b>islands</b> of the Aegean, until they had left the <b>Greek</b> mainland.
From 1808 to 1814, Spain again became a battleground, with British <b>forces</b> taking on Napoleon’s troops in the Peninsular War.
Chiang Kai-shek made it his capital until the advance of Japanese invasion forces induced him to head west.
The Knights of St. John, a holy military force, made their way to Rhodes and Kos in the Dodecanese.
Allied forces operated submarine-hunting and air-sea rescue stations on the <b>islands</b>; Royal Air <b>Force</b> pilots and Royal Navy frogmen were trained here, and much trans-Atlantic air traffic passed through the Bahamas.
Here the remains of a massive Venetian fortress destroyed by invading Ottoman forces can be found.
In the Sala della Pace (Hall of Peace, council chamber of the Nine Patricians), the full force of Siena’s civic pride strikes home in the impressive allegorical frescoes (1337–1339) by another local master, Ambrogio Lorenzetti.
Governed by the great bendahara Mutahir with more diplomacy than military force, the sultanate asserted its supremacy over the whole Malay peninsula (except for the northernmost Thai-held Patani region) and across the Melaka Straits to the east coast of Sumatra.
A 5-km (3-mile) hike to the interior brings you to the remains of the Temple of Poseidon where the famous Greek orator Demosthenes committed suicide in 322 b.c. rather than surrendering to Alexander the Great’s <b>forces</b>.
Still reeling from the effects of the Persian devastation, Jerusalem was conquered in 638 by the forces of Islam.
The Hittite Empire eventually collapsed following invasion from the west by the Achaeans, the Phrygians, and a mysterious force known only as the “Sea <b>People</b>. ”
German Qingdao suffered a curious fate during World War I. Japan, which joined the Allied forces, invaded the city, imprisoned the survivors of the German garrison, and occupied Qingdao for the duration of the war.
Under terms of the cease-fire, Israeli forces were allowed to remain in position on Mount Scopus, resupplied once a month by a United Nations convoy of food and medicine.
After two months as an independent entity, the state entered the new Confederacy, but because of its strategic significance, New Orleans became a high-priority target for the northern military <b>forces</b>.
It was built on the birthplace of Gobind Singh (1666–1708), who called on the Sikhs to defend their faith with armed force (see pages 18–19).
When Cretan partisans kidnapped General Kreipe, head of the occupying forces on the <b>island</b>, the Germans unleashed a terrible reprisal here.
Many of these towns have their own city halls, police forces, and fire brigades.
During the Empire Period, an ambitious Hittite king, Mutawallis, defeated the forces of the Egyptian pharaoh, Ramses II, at Kadesh (Syria) in 1285 b.c.
In April 1862, a Union naval force led by David G. Farragut capitalized on Confederate unpreparedness and penetrated the defenses of New Orleans.
The military leader Jan Sobieski defeated Turkish troops at the Battle of Chocim in 1673, and Sobieski would later be credited with saving Vienna from Turkish forces (and thwarting the Ottoman Empire’s designs on Western Europe).
In the War of 1812, retreating British forces chose to destroy it rather than let it fall into American hands.
This was also to be the starting point of the Third Crusade in 1190, when England’s Richard the Lion-Hearted joined forces with Philippe Auguste.
Far outnumbered by the 1,700-man invasion force, the defenders of El Morro surrendered after a two-week siege.
In the east, Christian forces were in retreat as a new Moslem <b>power</b> began to rise.
The Pennsylvania Bar Association's Board of Governors and House of Delegates has approved the Report and Recommendations of the Task Force on Legal Services to the Needy, which called for a set of initiatives to increase funding and pro bono:
(The EU also endorsed a plan to create a European rapid-reaction force of 60,000 troops.)
You’ll of course see Mary Stuart (Mary, Queen of Scots) and Bonnie Prince Charlie — as himself and also as Betty Burke, his disguise to escape the English forces.
As the storage time increased, the required force needed to dislodge the copings also increased (Table 5).
"The future of the next generation rests on whether governments and companies can join forces to control the disease," it said.
With their tradition of resistance to foreign invaders, Cretans kept up constant guerrilla warfare against the occupying Axis force.
Sustained muscular contractions externally associated with not being able to maintain a certain force lead to physiological fatigue, tremor or pain, localized in the specific muscle (localized muscular fatigue).
In similar vein, the Independent said, "It is a decision of great moment not just for France but for the whole of Europe because whatever they decide, the situation is a warning of the sinister forces which stand ready to exploit arrogant, bureaucratic and remote European institutions in bad economic times."
Once safely on the boats, the ammunition made its way to the rebel forces.
A onetime special forces officer, he had worked with Albright when she was ambassador to the United Nations and had served on the NSC staff with Clarke.
According to the NYT lead, some things suspected in yesterday's Timor coverage are now confirmed: The U.S. is preparing to fulfill a primarily logistical role, particularly by providing air transport to the ground troops, who will be supplied by other nations; the force will probably be led by Australian troops (and an Australian commanding general); and the Indonesians are expressing a preference for, but not insisting on, a predominantly Asian <b>force</b>.
Other European powers began to put pressure on the defending <b>forces</b>, and British naval <b>power</b> in the area was badly stretched.
The commander of Delta Force felt "uncomfortable" with having the tribals hold Bin Ladin captive for so long, and the commander of Joint Special Operations <b>Forces</b>, Lieutenant General Michael Canavan, was worried about the safety of the tribals inside Tarnak Farms.
The night Operation Allied Force began, Primakov, en route to the United States for loan negotiations, turned his plane around in midair, losing the money but gaining immense popularity at home.
However, Peisistratus’ successors proved less popular, and democracy was eventually re-established by force.
One of James' trademark innocents, Catherine is acted upon by three titanic forces: her father, Dr. Sloper (Albert Finney), whose express desire to protect a daughter he considers ugly and witless takes the form of ruthless repression; her aunt, (Maggie Smith), who wishes to weave out of her niece's life a breathlessly melodramatic romance; and Morris Townsend (Ben Chaplin), the playboy who has squandered a modest inheritance and now seeks salvation in the form of this unloved, unlovely, and affluent young woman.
A force was gaining strength in the east to threaten their new bases.
According to Democratic National Committee and Clinton-Gore campaign ads, Dole's plan was "risky" because it would "balloon the deficit" and force Congress "to cut Medicare, education, [and the] environment."
