The Trustee referred him to the Blue Triangle where he consulted Goodwill's Career Academy staff for job search assistance.
All children who attend the camp are referred by social workers, doctors, teachers, counselors, and other professionals.
It's odd, however, that in repeating this charge, the Times didn't interview the man most closely associated with it, Christopher Hitchens, or refer to the book where he set it out, The Missionary Position .
In Bleak House (Chapter XXVII) Grandfather Smallweed, referring to Mr. George, warns Mr. Tulkinghorn that “I have him periodically in a vice.
And one is certain that Kenneth Rexroth, in his American Poetry in the Twentieth Century (Herder and Herder, N.Y., 1971) did not intend to hint at closet biographical matter when, in Chapter I, he wrote that “Whitman's poems are full of men doing things together,” or, later in the same chapter, when he referred to “Whitman's joyous workmen swinging their tools in the open air.”
As a nonexpert, although interested, subscriber to VERBATIM, it is “a bit mysterious” to me that the singular noun absence takes the plural verb are . I refer to the first sentence of your article about the Longman Dictionary [XV,1].
Two words, dew and shower , refer in the context to the presence of water; the rest are in contexts indicating its absence.
Taking page 17 again, I was reminded that Giles is rather given to semi-serious poetic diction at times, and we find him referring to the presence of water in the Finke River as “the stream purling over its stony floor” or, quoting some bygone poet, “brightly the brook through the green leaflets, giddy with joyousness, dances along.”
His use of the word tank to refer to a hollowed-out reservoir (“Gibson dug a small tank and the water soon cleared”) antedates the OED , for instance.
Gregory uses stream in the way normal in England; Giles consistently refers to gens in the hills of central Australia, though glen is not current (outside place-names) in contemporary Australian English.
Nonetheless, it is convenient to think about the existence of a group of proto-dialects which can be referred to as Proto-Indo-European.
True, one can find different from , etc., in an entry so headed, but for absolute constructions one is referred to an entry called “Covered with onions, relish, and ketchup, I ate a hotdog at the ball-park.”
The rationale behind referring to them as “lost” arises from the author's observation of an unfortunate state of affairs: because of an increasingly widespread lack of familiarity with the basic, structural elements of our culture—Greek and Roman mythology, the Bible, literature, and ordinary historical fact—people today are unable to discern the origins of terms like aphrodisiac, Achilles [sic] heel or tendon, meet one's Waterloo, sow dragon's teeth , and hand-writing on the wall , to name a few.
We hope that you send your response to us as soon as possible because if you fail to respond until the expiry date of the foremost package, we may refer the package to the West Africa Commission for Welfare as the package those not have a return address..
refunded after sending alot of money to scammers, he told me to refer my case to the Nigerian senate House where he was also refunded with apology fee.
We report the results of a review of cases undertaken to determine the prevalence of abnormal liver function tests (LFTs) and liver disease in patients with 1°SS referred to a tertiary care center and the association of abnormal LFTs with other systemic features and autoimmunity markers of 1°SS.
Moore is not from Colorado -- his question is generic, not meant to refer specifically to the Lockheed Martin plant in question.
After the Flint rally comes a brief TV interview with Heston, where he is asked about Kayla Rolland (again, clear evidence that the local media in Flint raised questions about the NRA's presence), then an inteview with country prosecutor Arthur Busch, entirely ignored by critics of the film, who also mentions Heston's presence as notable, and refers to the immediate reactions of "people from all over America", gun owners/groups who, according to him, reacted aggressively to warnings of having guns accessible to children, much like spanking advocates react aggressively when anti-spankers point to a case of a child being killed or severely injured by a beating.
I propose here the theoretical construction and programming of a robot (hereafter referred to as Antie) that will be able to infiltrate a red harvester ant nest, switching between the foraging, patrolling and midden work behaviors.
For the purposes of calls later in the pseudocode, I will refer to these subroutines as trailFollow(), findFood(), and findMidden().
The graph in Example 2 will serve as a point of departure for the subsequent analysis; while we will periodically refer back to some of its specific elements, it should be understood that even when not explicitly referenced, this graph serves as the explanatory goal of this paper.
We both thought I referred to the vista.
Marshall (1989), after Bakan (1966), refers to the elements in this mixture as agency and communion.
Reciprocity refers to the connection between what people give to and what people take from their employment situations.
Fortunately, many prominent psychiatrists also believed that homosexuality was not an illness, and their lobbying, along with the innovative study performed by Hooker, who has been referred to as “the Rosa Parks of the gay movement” convinced the American Psychiatric Association Board of Trustees to vote to remove homosexuality from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual as a mental illness in December of 1973.
I refer you again to my weight.
I refer, of course, to the automatic monthly deposit of my entire salary, an arrangement which, I admit, has only been in place for eight years.
Constitution refers to the authors and the inventors, doesn't it? Th
might have made the balance, that delicate balance that this Court has referred to, in another way, but that is something that Congress, through its ability to gather facts and make balances, is quintessentially capable of doing, and that is where the Framers vested the responsibility, and what this statute does is to favor, if at all, the creator with respect to the utilization of these rights, as opposed to the person who wishes to copy the creator. Tha
My problem with carbon offsets and other voluntary measures is that given the finite amount of money, energy and attention we have to push for the environment, I feel like the opportunity cost of these measures is too high compared to policy-oriented actions, the citizen role that Gore referred.
What seems clear in my mind is that the translation is not in several final protocols, but a protocol by itself -- like XDR -- that other protocols refer to.
The keys `fig4a' and `fig4b' are implied (automatically generated); these implied keys act as aliases for `fig4', since they refer to the same physical object.
Now we have the following (id, label) pairs: (fig4, 4) (fig4a, (4 1)) (fig4b, (4 2)) where |4|, |(4 1)| and |(4 2)| refer to the same object (physical figure) in the document instance.
However, even without the intelligence to recognize two semantically equivalent instances of a subexpression, "variable substitution" or "folding" as Dave refers to it in his minutes is *really* useful for speech and I suspect it would be very useful for small visual displays.
It refers to a woman who is dangerously attractive, and lures men to their downfall with her sexual attractiveness.
( Gailhaguet and Anissina are not referred to by name in an accompanying FBI agent's affidavit, but by their descriptions their identities are obvious.
( Gailhaguet and Anissina are not referred to by name in an accompanying FBI agent's affidavit, but by their descriptions their identities are obvious.
The second mobster expressed satisfaction with the outcome of the competition and suggested that Tokhtakhounov could call the ice dancer's "mother or the father and tell them everything will be OK" He appears to be referring to Anissina.
Vitruvius describes them, and also refers to a Tuscan order, which is a Roman invention.
Inigo Jones consciously based his work on the architecture of Palladio, but he did not think of himself as working in the Palladian “style,” any more than Palladio would have referred to the Classical “style.”
The authors, both architects, referred to “the Grecian and Roman style of building.”
A stilus was the sharp-pointed tool used to write on wax tablets and, by inference, stilus also referred to the way that something was written.
Bilbainos refer to the museum as the “artichoke,” which comes close to describing it, if you can imagine a gleaming, metallic artichoke more than two hundred feet high.
"I'm not familiar with Mr. Poe's works, but I assume you're referring to your unhealthy penchant for the fantastic."
When registering by phone please refer to your Priority Code: 90791
P.S. When registering by phone please refer to your Priority Code: 90791
When registering by phone please refer to your Priority Code: 90791
Erectile dysfunction, sometimes referred to as impotence, is the inability for a sexually active male to obtain and sustain an erection for sexual purposes.
In Ukrainian, for instance, the word bidni refers to an unfortunate, pitiable soul.
This calculated interest is the effective interest of the investment (referred to as "effective yield" in some literature).
As a result, it is now necessary to qualify the noun in order to specify which axle is being referred to, so that bekex kidmi means, tout court, front back-axle.
There are no dates, and few hard facts; movies are referred to as "some piece of crap," directors, as "some idiot."
Each StandardQuantitationType has an optional association to Channel and a designator indicating whether the value refers to the background or foreground.
The corrected values are referred to as residuals.
In American advertising, "feeling fresh" refers to ridding oneself of vaginal odor, a view expressed by a fashion model clad in white who has plucked every hair from her body and then painted in some artificial eyebrows and perhaps drawn a silhouette of Thomas Jefferson to replace her pubic hair.
The judge in the Espy aide case ignored the sentencing guideline recommendation of probation to hand down a 27-month sentence for lying, and while doing so, referred darkly to a "Hollywood" lawyer and others who have suggested that lying under oath in a civil case isn't a big deal.
Indeed, the phrase "increasing returns" appears just once in Cassidy's article and then merely to say that Arthur had used the term while others refer to network externalities.
Now that the probe has found evidence contradicting Bakaly's denial, Starr is referring his findings to the Justice Department.
Note, however, that "no effect" is also a relative term, and refers to an allele whose effect on disease outcome is close to the population average.
One is not referring here to the mentally disabled, who are already well represented.
In this guidance, the term data always refers to computer-processed data.
GAO will refer any person who wants a copy of a request letter to the Member who submitted it.
Application controls refers to the structure, policies, and procedures that apply to individual application systems, such as inventory or payroll.
I will refer to this homology relationship as bidirectional hits (BHs).
Eligible dyads that were potential study subjects were initially identified by hospice admission staff and referred to the Research Assistant (RA), a trained nursing data collector, at the beginning of each day.
That one group is referred to as dialects, and the other group as languages has more to do with national boundaries than any internal feature of the speech varieties themselves.
We may not know how to read or write the letters and symbols in Japanese, Chinese, Arabian, or other languages, but we do not have to when we refer to living things, because the generic name and specific name, in Latin, are the same all over the world.
The number of recursions is referred to as the number of "poles".
In Bleak House (Chapter XXVII) Grandfather Smallweed, referring to Mr. George, warns Mr. Tulkinghorn that “I have him periodically in a vice.
But in their physical papers, the authors do not refer to RSA or even to cardiorespiratory coordination which would obviously explain this kind of (linear) sign series regularity.
Quinta do Lago, a few miles down the coast, refers to the hotel of the same name, once owned by Prince Faisal of Saudi Arabia, and the luxury homes that have sprouted up around it.
Both the USAT front page "cover story" and an inside story at the Post refer to the newly poisoned atmosphere as "sexual McCarthyism."
' Since the testicles are producers of semen, they are often referred to in slang as seed .
Thomas may have talked about porn films, asked Hill out on patently unwelcome dates, bragged about his sexual prowess, and referred to pubic hairs on Coke cans, but Hill says that Thomas never flashed his genitals, touched her sexually, or propositioned her explicitly.
Buñuel--born Catholic, even if he opted out later--confused the Incarnation, in which the Holy Ghost caused Mary to conceive Jesus, and the Immaculate Conception, which refers to the fact (or belief, if you will) that Mary was born without original sin, although otherwise by the normal biological process.
Behind his back, however, irreverent junior faculty referred to him as the Green Dean .
In referring to an item in The New York Times in which youth is used to refer to a young woman, M&S write:
Barbacoa refers to a method of cooking meat, in a pit of hot wood coals.
The NYT notes that the $500-a-child tax credit that President Clinton fought so hard to get into the deal was the "crown jewel of the Republicans' 1994 Contract With America," and that in boasting yesterday about the bill's college subsidies, Republicans were referring to the same feature they "had derided a few months ago as a device for little more than tuition inflation."
The word altar is derived from the Latin word altare, a combination of altus, high, and ara, altar, referring to a raised structure for worship, one that goes upward toward the sky or heaven.
Reviewers of Titan have found it impossible to speak of Rockefeller without referring to the Microsoft Corp.'s Bill Gates, especially since the U.S.
"Push" refers to the way that information gets delivered.
The lexical match requires the speaker to refer to herself in the third person, while ingeniously seizing the opportunity--a further intertextuality--to hint at her Moscow-inspired sobriquet, the Iron Lady.
Upon arrival all animals were allowed ad libitum access to either a commercially available diet with high phytoestrogen levels (Harlan Teklad Rodent Diet 8604, Madison, WI, USA) containing 600 micrograms of phytoestrogens/gram of diet; referred to hereafter as the Phyto-600 diet, or a custom phytoestrogen-free diet; referred to hereafter as the Phyto-free diet, obtained from Ziegler Bros. (Gardner, PA, USA) and water.
Vasco Fernandes, more commonly referred to as Grão Vasco (the Great), founded the city’s school of painting in the 16th century.
Several of the citations referred to World War Two, and a euphemistic 1940 example of fuckfaced suggested that these terms were in use in the 1940s.
Moreover, I, for one, should like to know the source that pins down to California the expression so low he could sit on a cigarette paper and hand his feet over the edge: given no gloss, does this refer to low depressed, low degraded, or low abject?
The Meloidogyne L2 larvae, the infective stage where the worm is away from the host plant (also referred to as second-stage juvenile in the literature), is more accessible than the rest of the life cycle, and is an interesting stage biologically with the worm completing multiple steps required for survival.
Lo Mexicano referred to the Mexicanidad, the national character of the Mexican, which was mestizo (mixed-race) and not European.
"I'm working on my fourth language now," said Lopez, referring to his Russian classes at Woodburn High School.
The NYT describes an "ebullient" Gore and immediately points up the contrast with his 1988 presidential campaign when he skipped the caucuses, calling them "madness," and referred to "the small state of Iowa."
-- Motion Picture Association of America Chairman Jack Valenti refers either to his midnight break-ins at the Baldwin brothers compound or to his trip to China to promote American movies
The WP best communicates the scope of the ruling by eschewing in its lead sentence the generality of "sexual abuse" ( LAT ) and "sexual relations" ( USAT ) in favor of the concreteness of referring to students who are "sexually taunted, groped or harassed."
Referring to ...
The title of the book refers to the custom in New Mexico of feeding cattle cactus to keep them alive during droughts.
