The very process of reviewing these issues underscored the absence of an effective government organization dedicated to assessing vulnerabilities and handling problems of protection and preparedness.
Two words, dew and shower , refer in the context to the presence of water; the rest are in contexts indicating its absence.
These more sensitive measures might also have detected differences between the overweight and normal weight persons, but we think this is unlikely given the absence of any differences in EVGFP.
The ability of purified soluble CD39 to hydrolyze VO 2+ATP is shown in Figure 1. Soluble CD39 did not hydrolyze either ATP or ADP in the absence of VO 2+(Fig. 1A).
Vanadyl is unstable in aqueous solution at pH7.0 in the absence of chelator and will precipitate out of solution as [VO(OH) 2 ] n .
VO 2+in the absence of any nucleotides was added to sCD39 at 1:1 molar ratio.
Four different EPR spectra are obtained for VO 2+bound in the presence of different nucleotides and in the absence of nucleotide.
Other markers of systemic inflammation or autoimmunity did not correlate with the presence or absence of LFT abnormalities.
However, this subgroup is characterized by the absence of clinical manifestations observed in 1°SS, and the absence of anti-Ro and anti-La [ 35 ] .
However, this subgroup is characterized by the absence of clinical manifestations observed in 1°SS, and the absence of anti-Ro and anti-La [ 35 ] .
Research has shown that red harvester ants may identify the tasks nestmates are engaged in based on the ratio of n-alkenes to n-alkanes in their hydrocarbons and the presence or absence of branched n-alkanes.
In the absence of external guides, people selforganise to learn and make sense of their environments.
In the absence of hierarchy and centralised planning, employees in the Valley rely on their skills, rather than on formal position, to provide a reference point for their careers.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder, out of sight, out of mind.
Because of the mills and their conspicuous absence, hundreds of people were uprooted, forced to leave their homes and tightly knit communities.
As the state cost is applied to every year the patient is in that health state, a substantial miscalculation of the lifetime cost attributed to stroke would have been produced, even though it would have been based on the best available data and accepted as a reasonable proxy in the absence of Canadian data.
The expression of most of these genes seemed to be specifically modulated by IL-2 and not by the trauma of needle aspiration, as only a few differentially expressed genes (in parentheses in Figure 5) were detected in control FNA samples obtained at 24-hour intervals in the absence of IL-2 administration.
In the absence of such a detailed-and repeated-articulation, national security tends not to rise very high on the list of congressional priorities.
The absence of the large linears could either mean the presence of complete repair or the presence of extensive degradation activity.
Transcriptional profiling of the early stages of genital development in vivo in the presence and absence of androgen may provide further insights into the role of androgen in genital development.
This leads to the generation of constitutive signals by the adaptor proteins in the absence of other upstream signals [ 40 ] .
In the absence of cRNA spiking, cross-hybridization of Cy-labeled rat targets to
The jury concluded that negligent marketing and distribution of handguns by nine companies was a "proximate cause" of three recent shootings, despite the absence of proof that any particular company's product was involved in any of the shootings.
Here, combining a master locus (C73) with a non-allelic singlet locus possessing 100% sequence identity (L91) resulted in immediate trans-silencing, as seen by a reduction of GFP-COP1 expression and block of cosuppression, which was stably maintained in the presence or absence of the master locus.
The CDH gene exhibited a complete absence of expression in one cell line (SW756) that showed promoter hypermethylation and two other cell lines (C-33A and SiHa) without evidence of methylation (Fig.
But others lament the absence of the novelist's trademarks--the magical realism, the stylish prose, the irony.
As previously reported [ 16 ] , sympathetic neurons grown in the absence of serum and glial cells fail to form dendrites (Figure 1A); however when grown in the presence of BMP-7, these neurons extend multiple dendrites (Figure 1B).
Two theories have been proposed to explain the present spliceosomal intron distribution; i.e., their presence in eukaryotes and their absence in Bacteria and Archaea.
They were often severely abnormal, consisting of loose connective tissue, with absence of neural tissue (Figure 4I,J).
Nevertheless, the nature and extent of T&A approvals must be such that management has assurance that supervisors or other officials know they are accountable for the approvals of an employee's work time and absences.
One obvious example of a “semantic hole” in sexual relationships is the often-observed absence of neutral terms for unmarried sexual partners.
Indeed, after just one day of stimulation, IL-4-producing cells in the presence of CD81 costimulation had lower mean levels of CFSE than did IL-4-producing cells in the absence of CD81 costimulation.
hence all assays were performed in the absence of the cocktail.
Nevertheless, the presence of a gene in one nematode species (such as Meloidogyne ) but its absence in another (such as C. elegans ) might merely reflect a gene loss in the latter lineage.
In the absence of an indigenous alphabet, Japanese scholars had with the greatest difficulty tried to adapt the complex ideograms of monosyllabic Chinese to the essentially polysyllabic Japanese.
As a basis for approving T&A data, supervisors are required to obtain reasonable assurance that employees working at remote sites are working when scheduled and that T&A information accurately reflects time worked and absences from scheduled tours of duty.
Other mechanism by which AR could show an altered response results from an increase in its sensitivity to very low levels of androgen [ 22 23 ] . We tested the role of active Stat3 in this possibility cotransfecting CV-1 cells with an androgen responsive reporter (ARE-TATA-luciferase), AR, in the presence or in the absence of constitutively active Stat3C.
Their absence can significantly reduce linkage of both Mendelian and quantitative traits that are unlucky enough to be controlled by loci in the intervals with ambiguous SDPs.
As a receptor class, GPCRs are considered excellent drug targets because they are often regulated through interactions with small natural ligands [ 32 33 ] . Specifically, studies of classic GPCRs, such as the β-adrenergic receptors, show that in the absence of endogenous ligand (agonists) these receptors exist in multiple interconvertible conformations that are predominately inactive [ 34 ] . Upon exposure to their natural ligands, however, the active receptor forms are preferentially stabilized, allowing them to readily engage G-protein couplers and to create signaling-competent complexes.
There may, for example, be a homologous tetraspanin protein that compensates for the absence of sarcospan in mice, but not in humans.
In summary, the voltage-dependence of Ca 2+transients and the maximum cytosolic Ca 2+concentration during the transient were not significantly affected by partial or total absence of the γ 1 subunit.
The representation is no more compact, but retains the general property of absence of cross terms.
Thus, in the absence of physiological concentrations of PP5, GRs accumulate in the nucleus of A549 cells.
(The Ramseys buried their daughter in Atlanta, then vacationed in Sea Island, Ga.) This absence, some speculate, gave the Ramseys time to work out a story to explain their innocence.
The NRP-154 cells are transformed, grow in the absence of exogenous growth factors, and are tumorigenic [ 23 24 25 26 27 ] . These lines come from epithelial cells.
The exact mechanism may be unknown, but decreased BRCA1 levels appear to affect the ability to arrest growth or die in the absence of estrogenic growth-inducing conditions.
The afflicted children--about 20 percent of the 18,000 adopted--are incapable of forming emotional bonds with their new parents, probably because the absence of attention and affection in infancy stunted brain development.
In particular, mutagenesis of Glu-194 or Glu-204 in bR results in loss of fast proton release [ 3 4 ] . The absence of homologs for these residues in pR leaves open the question of whether it carries out fast H +release.
In the absence of an omniscient central planner, though, the way to get better investment is to get more investment.
Case-control studies are applicable with special considerations for cancer screening [ 22 ] . Periodic Screening Evaluation (PSE) is a method for using data from subjects of various age who receive at least two regularly scheduled screenings to estimate the reduction in cancer mortality from periodic screening over a range of ages [ 23 24 ] . The main assumptions of PSE are (1) once a cancer is detectable on screening it would be detectable on later screenings (2) given age, year of birth adds no information for predicting the detection rate on the first screen, (3) no selection bias in using refusers to estimate survival from detection in the absence of screening.
The absence of business systems capable of adjusting to real-time demand information, as well as the lack of information between the time when orders were placed and the actual selling season, meant that early order commitments could not be amended pending new information.
For each gene (probe set), the Affymetrix software calculates an 'average difference' between the intensities of the perfect-match and mismatch primers, and additionally makes an overall determination as to the absence or presence of a gene (absent/present call) in the sample.
4( bottom panel, black circles ), MTX-induced LDH release in the absence of U73343, correlates in time with the second phase of ethidium uptake, demonstrating that the second phase reflects cell lysis.
This result, at least, excludes the possibility that the absence of the large, non-circular chromosomes in some strains (Figure 2) reflects the absence of DNAs in the wells during the process or by extensive and general nuclease action.
The low sequence identities in these enzymes have been interpreted as reflecting relatively low constraints upon the sequence because the reaction is quite facile even in the absence of the enzyme (because it forms an aromatic product), and thus the enzyme is not required to provide a great deal of assistance [ 35].
The presence or absence of bone metastasis in patients was determined by bone scintigraphy, and was confirmed by conventional radiography (X-ray) as necessary.
Findings supporting this notion include: 1. The absence of a correlation between fecal fat excretion and fecal bile acid loss; 2. The normal fecal bile acid losses in patients with liver disease compared to excessive losses in those without liver disease despite similar fecal fat excretion; and 3. The finding that patients with almost normal fat excretion continue to lose large amounts of bile acids.
In contrast, loss of cortical and furrow localization is seen for GFP-MHCK-C in the absence of myosin II.
We found an absence of promoter hypermethylation in SGCT and acquisition of unique patterns of promoter hypermethylation in NSGCT.
In the absence of data showing the weight distribution of inbound mail, the Commission employed, as a proxy distribution, data developed by European postal administrations in the course of preparing a new terminal dues system.
The absence of a comprehensive precancer terminology severely limits the clinical value of research that includes precancer specimens.
These results could be taken to suggest that the HR-associated pathway is not sufficient to induce SAR in the absence of the NPR1 -dependent, SA-associated pathway (but see below for why this conclusion is not correct).
Stimulation with 5A6 alone, in the absence of SEB or CMV, gave consistently = 0.05% cytokine-positive T cells in such experiments (data not shown).
7. In the absence of information about the specific functions of most individual RPs in mammalian cells, one can only speculate at present on the physiologic significance of the reported changes.
Virtually all the fans with whom I have spoken over the years (quite a friendly bunch, actually) consider the absence of big wrecks, injuries, etc., a key component of a good race.
These data provide additional evidence that 4-AP exerts neither an anti-proliferative nor a pro-apoptotic influence on serum-supplemented GC cultures, because PCNA expression is a sensitive marker of GC proliferation and apoptosis [ 18 26 27 ] . The lack of 4-AP effect on GC viability is also evident from the flow cytometric analysis; the percentages of cells staining positive for propidium iodide were 8 ± 2% and 7 ± 2% in the presence and absence of drug (n = 4 samples of 10,000 cells/each from 4 GC isolations).
Solana will be the European on the end of the telephone to take calls from Washington--a figure whose absence was always bemoaned by Henry Kissinger."
This protein contains a prototypical nuclear localization signal but remains in the cytoplasm when expressed in cultured cells in the absence of steroids.
The doxycycline-independent increase in 6His-HA-PP1α is attributed to background expression when using this system [ 25 ] . As predicted for a protein under the control of the doxycycline-inducible promoter, the abundance of 6His-HA-PP1α decreases in the absence of the inducer over time (Figure 2C).
Plating RASMCs onto a fibronectin coated dish in the absence of growth factors yielded moderate activation of ERK1/2, which peaked at 30 min then decreased somewhat over the next 30 min of the experiment (Fig.
The site of infection is the gastrointestinal tract, where it causes a chronic inflammatory ailment termed Johne's disease [ 5 ] . In contrast, M. avium is common in the environment, causes tuberculosis in birds, and disseminated infections in HIV patients [ 6 ] . Growth of M. paratuberculosis is characterized by its slow rate (doubling time of 22-26 hours, compared to 10-12 hours for M. avium ) and requirement of mycobactin in culture media [ 5 ] . With the absence of a well-defined genetic system for M. paratuberculosis , a comparative genomic approach holds great potential in addressing the genetic basis for many of these phenotypic differences.
The same experimental protocol was employed for evaluation of ethidium uptake (Fig 3, lower panel ). Again, MTX-induced uptake of ethidium was biphasic in the absence of U73343 ( trace a ). Addition of the U-compound shortly after MTX (i.e.
No alternative mechanism for cysteine incorporation into proteins is known; hence the absence of CysRS in these organisms was an enigma.
On Tuesday, Izvestiya of Moscow noted an alarming new tendency in Russia: In the absence of effective enforcement of property rights, people simply grab what they think should be theirs.
There's another tortured family, too: Pistone's wife and three daughters, who languish in the absence of a steady father.
If you are dead set against anyone gaining access in your absence, you might ask someone if he or she would be willing to let you move your plants to their apartment for the three weeks.
As had previously been observed, we found very little difference in T1 between samples of the same series (<5%) or across series (<10%) [ 12 ] . Therefore, the T1 times in the absence of contrast agent of samples from the same series were averaged and these averages used as the reference tissue T1 for all other samples within the same experiment series.
At the same time, I am struck by what I find to be considerable conceptual confusion as well as an absence of fundamental analysis based on solid biology and sociology.
To confirm that the difference in cell viability was due to alterations in survival response after STS treatment and not an intrinsic property of the individual cell lines, growth of both cell lines was examined by MTS assay under the same conditions in the absence of STS (Figure 2B).
Even in praising his skill as an editor, she betrays the presence of its absence.
Cdc5 presumably impinges on the MEN by other means as well, because Cdc5 is required for maximal Dbf2 protein kinase activity even in the absence of Bfa1's obligate partner Bub2 [ 18 ] . Once activated, the MEN in turn sustains the transient Cdc14 release enabled by Cdc5 and other FEAR pathway components.
The presence or absence of specific major medical complications during the hospital stay was determined by medical record review.
Complete linkage clustering based on Euclidean distance [ 23 ] of these four sets of transcripts (cytosolic versus cytoskeleton transcripts in HL-60 cells in the presence or absence of TPA) revealed that the cytoskeleton-anchored population in the precursor HL-60 cells and those in the macrophage cells were most similar (Fig.
In the absence of ATP, a very weak binding was observed whereas with increasing amount of ATP strong binding was detected.
One other point: In the absence of any clear logic in street numbering, it’s important when noting an address to be sure you have the nearest cross-streets as well as the number of the building.
COS-7 cells were transfected with an expression vector for a 6X histidine tagged construct of p35-C/EBPβ carrying the φ 10 (T7 tag) epitope sequence either in the presence or absence of Elk-1.
But this absence of coverage doesn't mean change isn't happening all around us.
[ 21 ] have shown that there is a strong degree of concordance between the report of mother and the report of daughter about foods consumed during this age period, although others have shown that recall of diet from the distant past is imprecise [ 22 ] . However, in the absence of dietary data actually collected during adolescence, recall of high school diet provides the best estimate of possible relationships between diet during adolescence and the risk of breast cancer.
During her absence, two of our earliest and most energetic "Fraygrants" have been filling in.
Absence of DNA contamination was verified by amplifying the 756 bp intron containing region of the MECP2 gene between exons 3 and 4 using exon 3 based primer 5'-AGCCCGTGCAGCCATCAGCC-3' and exon 4 based primer 5'-CTTCCCAGGACTTTTCTCCA-3'.
As a nonexpert, although interested, subscriber to VERBATIM, it is “a bit mysterious” to me that the singular noun absence takes the plural verb are . I refer to the first sentence of your article about the Longman Dictionary [XV,1].
As the House managers open the prosecution of the president today, the real obstacle they face is not the absence of witnesses or the dismal poll numbers.
