If true, this is an ironic name for a city that would become one of the most constantly and bitterly embattled places on the face of the earth.
Finally, turning to her toilet, she rested her face in her hands, and gave a sort of groan.”
 
 
It is a trite thought, I know, but our hands and our faces come very close to being our selves--our "higher" selves, at least (our lower ones reposing in some oafish organs in the gut and below).
But some faces are even more pleasing than the average face.
a trout) by tickling its underbelly' (which is actually easier than it sounds); and gurn, girn , is incorrectly defined as “to snarl, to show the teeth in anger”: it really means `to make faces.
These residues are likely to reside on the same face of the protein if a coiled-coil structure is assumed.
Exactly what is "soft focus" about the bank teller who gets shot full in the face or Gene Hackman's agonizing death throes or Bonnie and Clyde 's final, staccato "dance of death"?
You could see this realization dawning on Barbara Walters' grave face.
The TV lights were still in Joyner-Kersee's face, the face that had been buried in the track less than an hour before.
The views from the summit 426 m (396 ft) up are spectacular, particularly across the strait to Morocco, along the coast toward Estepona, and down the sheer east face of the Rock to the water holding areas (for desalination) and the beaches of Sandy Bay, Catalan Bay, and Eastern Beach.
At first, she feels like "female goods in a dick-driven market," but a few weeks later finds her smoother, younger face a source of pleasure and confidence.
In other words, the reader needs to wonder, would Moore be making these arguments if he didn't desperately need them to try to save face?
The heart begins to coil and blood flows on to the dorsal face of the yolk sac.
The liberal view of Reed is that he's the Christian right's zealot in chief, a devil with a cherub's face.
The WP cites both the "new face" and unemployment angles.
Equivalents are printed in bold face.
The basic creditor country preference is for a kind of Turkish solution, a secular state with a civilian face, support for free-market policies, and a pro-Western, if unaccountable, military.
The hose doesn't work, then it does, then it squirts somebody in the face.
Our faces are fur-less and exposed to the world so that they can be read.
Instead, when it comes to particulars, we have everybody quoting the comment of a woman whose Secret Service agent husband was killed in the Oklahoma blast: "It was a slap in the face."
Dobson's face appeared on the cover of U.S.
I contend that the only way one person should kiss off another is face to face.
Instead, the circumspect first lady is said to have sent various doctors "high resolution photos taken of her face from different angles" in order to get their opinions.
Home in Black Mountain a chile' will smack yo' face;
At an earlier period, this same adventurous philosopher briefly affected the softly stubbled face, and still earlier the quarter-inch-long haircut then uncommon even at the margins, except in military school.
Is there anything less cinematic than a lengthy swatch of voice-over prose recited straight from the pages of a 75-year-old novel with the camera yoked to an actress's face?
The Turkish Daily News quoted British Prime Minister Tony Blair as bizarrely describing the EU communiqué on Turkey as "[a] way for Europe not to turn its back, but its face to Turkey," and an unnamed EU spokeswoman as saying, even more bizarrely: "If this was a fair world, Turks would have been rejoicing in Ankara."
This may have a placebo effect [ 47 ] . In addition, its effectiveness may be explained by the observation that cool air moving across the patient's face (eg, from compressed air by nasal prongs, or from a fan) may provide equal relief due to the stimulation of the V2 branch of the fifth cranial nerve [ 48 ] .
For a start, the actors' faces are so much less interesting than the mythic, totem-pole visages in Judge's cartoons.
Nearby, behind a screened window, is the Seto (White) Bhairav, a gold-lacquered face through which beer spurts for scrambling devotees during Indra Jatra.
Clearly, the first seems to call for “a model,” for the name, surrounded by punctuation becomes less significant; also, in that sequence the reader is not boxed into the corner of obligation where he must stand, face to the wall, if unaware of who this “in” personage might be.
When you look into the faces of Rose Kennedy or Henry Kissinger you see souls emptied by the pursuit of power.
Sugar cropping, destined to change the face and fate of the Caribbean, began booming as early as the 1640s.
Then the counterpoint, the explicit projection of the young woman's company as the harbinger of hope: It is helping over 1 million women, and she, its human face, is tireless in her effort to find a drug that will enable a woman to "climb stairs without fear, stand a little taller."
P.S.: I'm easy Cullen, anytime you want to have a face to face conversation, just give me a call.
When the cave mouth was rediscovered in 1923, the huge face carved around it was mistaken for an elephant’s head and the name has stuck.
The angel weeps as the spot opens, tears of rain apparently coursing down a soft-featured face.
A home page may be a group's face to the world, but opening it still feels like getting to eavesdrop on a conversation.
The years seem to melt from Mandela's creased face and his eyes light up . . ." Love is indeed wonderful.
( Then look upon him with a big goofy grin on your face and sing him a medley of Cole Porter tunes.
Both Bill Clinton and Tony Blair are comparatively young (and make a lot of it); suffused with energy and conviction; and superbly effective on television, in front of a crowd, or face to face.
The other day, I felt obscurely pained to see a pretty girl on the subway with a big silver ring in the middle of her face, hanging from a hole in the central partition of her nose.
She has no face; what the men see is a skull.
while others, including women and children, scratched at Jim's face.
To see a range of faces with central nose rings, see the piercing gallery at Body Modification E-zine or the zine itself.
Staring at our face in the mirror, as The Face author points out, "we become first and third person at once, viewer and viewed.
Tradition says that a woman wiped the sweaty, bloody face of Jesus here and an imprint was left on the cloth.
The tabloid Daily Mirror surrounded this with the smiling faces of the leading participants in the peace settlement under the headline "Smile!
Let your children have their portraits done — street artists can be found in Plaka — or their faces painted.
One possibility is that the MIDAS site serves to attach protein ligands through a mechanism involving participation of a glutamate or aspartate residue on the ligand in the coordination of a Mg 2+ion at the MIDAS site of midasin, in a manner similar to that by which the MIDAS site in integrin I-domains appears to mediate attachment of collagen through the glutamate in the GFOGER binding motif [ 36 ] . Interestingly, the related RGE ligand-binding motif [ 41 ] occurs in a conserved region of the midasin AAA-domain (yeast, residues 1835-1838), as well as in the AAA-domain of Mg chelatases [ 32 ] . The presence of this consensus binding motif in the AAA domain raises the possibility of the midasin molecule folding back onto itself, with the M-domain becoming attached to one face of the AAA domain and perhaps regulating access to its central chamber, in a manner analogous to that in which the 19S proteasome regulator, also an AAA protein, controls access to the central proteolytic chamber of the proteasome [ 42 ] .
For any womman smal and fayre of face.
The stunt half-works, at least until he's supposed to undergo an inner transformation and acquire human emotions--whereupon his face remains just as blank.
South Park abounds in screamingly campy parodies, from the opening ensemble to Terrance and Phillip's peppy rap duet "Shut Your Fucking Face, Uncle-Fucker" to the principal's exhortation to substitute "bum," "poo," and the phlegmatic "M'kay" for, respectively, "ass," "shit," and "fuck" while leading a Busby Berkeley-ish dance line.
Considering residues with less prominent scores (gray, blue, cyan, yellow), the size of the epitope identified by JEvTrace increases considerably and encompasses nearly half of the K46 face (Figure 3b, top).
Presence of any of the following seven features, without an alternative cause, was required for satisfaction of the confirmatory criteria: ratio of partial arterial oxygen tension to inspired fractional oxygen below 280 (intubated) or 40% face mask in use (nonintubated); arterial pH below 7.30; urine output below 30 ml/h; systolic blood pressure below 90 mmHg or a fall in systolic blood pressure by more than 40 mmHg sustained for 2 hours despite fluid challenge; systemic vascular resistance below 800 dynes·s/cm 5; prothrombin time or partial thromboplastin time greater than normal or platelets below 100.
I recall a college dean who was addressed as Dean Greene to his face.
ABC is certainly doing its best to put a smiling face on its recent woes.
If the face has been getting longer at the bottom over the generations, it has been getting shorter (and broader) on top.
On the face of it, that's strange.
4. YOUNG GEORGE W. DRANK HEAVILY, STRANGLED MONKEY Describing a troubled phase of his early life that he says ultimately brought him to Jesus, the Texas governor recalled a weekend binge that ended with the corpse of Pepe, a rhesus monkey at the Houston Zoo, floating face down in ...
The session begins with a bizarre dialogue about Michael Jackson--an African-American superstar who in the Iraqi officer's view was driven by bigotry to whiten his face and straighten his hair--and winds up with the Iraqi pouring oil down Barlow's throat in a brutal effort to drive home the war's real aim.
Manson, whose given name is Brian Warner, cakes his face with alabaster makeup and wears androgynous, ragged leather clothes.
QUASI's findings may be consistent with the existence of gaps in the carbohydrate groups thought to mask the silent face from gp120 from immune surveillance.
The assaults on plausibility began in the first frames of Con Air , as Nicolas Cage's character returned home from Operation Desert Storm in a tugboat, and did not subside until Sam Neill mutated into some kind of space devil at the end of Event Horizon , whereupon his face inexplicably broke out in a crosshatched design that made him look like a slab of grilled ahi tuna.
