In 1914, several business and community leaders met to form the first community theatre in Indiana, which has matured into the Indianapolis Civic Theatre.
The most that one could say is that they never consented and that therefore when they matured and reached the age of consent they were <b>entitled</b> to say no.
There is evidence that, as the Web matures, the resistance to paying for content is crumbling.
And as the European Union matures, Europeans are taking advantage of opportunities to live and work in different countries.
Whatever the area comes to be called as it matures, it seems likely to be a field of spectacular <b>success</b> and deep importance in the coming century.
And our language is not limited: It can grow and mature, adapt, and in some cases even atrophy.
The eggs turn from white to gray as they mature.
A few of these cells are selected through the specificity of their antigen receptor and mature into either CD4 +CD8 -, or CD4 -CD8 +T cells which exit from the thymus.
Newsday 's Linda Winer says Wasserstein has matured into "her own bright, eloquent and great-hearted version of George Bernard Shaw."
In one human study that considered total cell numbers (as opposed to cell density), the total number of cells increased as the TM matured.
The New York Times Book Review 's Brooke Allen says it is "[p]roof that Morrison continues to change and mature in surprising new directions."
There was no discernable difference in the ability of Hoxc-8 transgenic chondrocytes to grow or mature in this system (compare to Figure 1, Panels A-H).
I hope that, as Microsoft matures, so will its attitude toward standards and cooperation.
It's always nice to be noticed, but Ebert's implication--that it's silly to be conflicted about the work of an artist, even one whose technical and emotional smarts have matured at different rates--is willfully obtuse.
As cells mature, however, they switch on some parts of those instructions, and switch off others.
Oöcytes mature in a wave proceeding gradually posteriad as the season progresses.
The notoriously potty-mouthed rap/metal quintet matures a bit on the follow-up to its 1997 debut, Three Dollar Bill, Y'All$ . The band occasionally departs from its hard-core speed metal and ventures into "melodic interludes, user-friendly grooves, and actual harmonious vocals" (Lorraine Ali, Rolling Stone ). The lyrics, by singer Fred Durst (who clambers out of a toilet during the band's stage act), are "still the stuff of monochromatic dude talk," but sometimes they hint at something deeper--like when "the formerly promiscuous singer confesses his shame for past recreational nookie sessions" (Ali).
In the present study, 7.6% of reconstructed embryos produced by transferring confluent adult somatic cells into enucleated M II oocytes matured in the protein-free medium developed to the blastocyst stage.
Critics are surprisingly positive about the singer/songwriter/best-selling poet/soon-to-be film actress' second album after the 8 million copy selling Pieces of You . Musically she has matured, and her trademark folksy-bluesy-pop songs are dubbed "sweet, soulful" (Veronica Chambers, Newsweek ). The lyrics, however are said to be full of hokey self-helpisms, and the album "overflows with advice intended to be inspirational" (Jon Pareles, the New York Times ). (Buy the album online.)
There is a time course therefore when fibers are formed, mature, condense to ball-like forms and ultimately decay.
The first oöcytes to mature during the spawning season are located in the anterior end of the ovary.
It has been suggested that oogonia which have matured to oocytes are less susceptible to degeneration as pregnancy advances [ 2 ] . A prominent role for the aromatic hydrocarbon receptor (e.g.
The CASP results indicate that structure prediction methods have matured to a point where they can be applied on a genome-wide scale, and that these structures can be used with novel but straight-forward approaches to annotate and understand function [ 54 55 60 61 ] . The resulting models and annotations, when combined with other genomic/proteomic data, including that from gene expression arrays [ 62 ] , genome-wide two-hybrid experiments [ 63 ] , and other proteomics studies [ 64 ] , will provide us with a dynamic picture of organismal structure, function, and evolution [ 65 ] .
During meetings with these representatives, we obtained a detailed description of the processes and practices they believed necessary and vital to mature a product design and get manufacturing processes under control.
In addition, with knowledge of existing components, it can focus attention on maturing the new content, the higher risk element of the new product.
A growth plan is developed to mature the product's reliability over time through reliability growth testing so that it has been demonstrated by the time production begins.
However, it has been reported recently that morphologically normal M I spindles are formed but further meiotic progression does not occur in porcine oocytes matured in a cytochalasin B-containing medium [ 38].
From the schematic, the design matures into final construction documents comprising the plans and specifications from which equipment procurement and construction bids can be solicited.
In addition, the ability to achieve design stability at the critical design review allowed program officials to focus the system demonstration phase on maturing the manufacturing processes.
Companies we visited matured a product's reliability through these tests and demanded proof that the product would meet the customer's reliability expectations prior to making a production decision.
Malcolm matured earlier than I; my occasional lapses into juvenility pain him.
I would certainly hope, however, that resources would continue to be dedicated to innovation in this arena until the technologies had matured to the point where they were clearly superior and worthy of becoming a standard.
Probably the most striking change, though, is how much more quickly children are maturing.
So, voilà !--Jesse Helms has matured into a diplomat.
As Flytrap II enters Week II, it is segueing gracefully into the second stage of scandal: The initial glee of Clinton's enemies has matured into thoughtful magnanimity.
What's particularly noteworthy, and a sign that the papers are maturing when it comes to market swings, is that, on a relatively slow news day, no other paper fronts the story.
By then Kremlinology had matured and the American press had all of Khrushchev's names right, though there were several ways to transliterate and pronounce them in English.
At this stage, the wounds are closed and are beginning to remodel in the cCAF-treated wounds while the granulation tissue in the control wings is still maturing.
P. falciparum 3D7 was grown on A-positive human erythrocytes in the presence of homologous serum as described earlier [ 48 49 ] . When needed, cultures were synchronized in two steps [ 49 54 ] : (i) schizonts were purified by flottation over 65% (v/v) Percoll (Pharmacia) followed by incubation with fresh erythrocytes (5% haematocrit); (ii) the cultures were then left to mature into rings and treated with 5% D-sorbitol for 15 min at 37°C.
5 dpc, after these layers have begun to mature (Fig.
Dissociating the specification of functional properties and values from the graphical description of the model means that models can be created on a purely speculative basis, and then, as system knowledge matures, qualitative values and action rules can be selected (or specified) to support qualitative reasoning and hypothesis testing.
Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia are said to have matured into actual characters (as opposed to cartoon ones), and the sage Yoda makes his first appearance, "emerg[ing] from murky nature to become the spiritual center of the whole Star Wars game," says the San Francisco Chronicle 's Peter Stack.
As an essentially 19th-century phenomenon, Shanghai matured too late to contribute to classical Chinese art or culture.
Design flaws are uncovered and the design of the product is matured.
I think it would be an incredible waste of time if I hadn't grown and matured in some of those areas."
A London Times feature took up the debate over whether Hillary Clinton, soon to grace the cover of Vogue , is "the sexiest woman alive" or merely "has matured as a First Lady better than a fine wine."
In that famous poem, Keats rubs autumn with the balm of his moistened language: "Season of mists and mellow fruitfulness,/ Close bosom-friend of the maturing sun ..."
These data indicate that chondrocytes from Hoxc-8 transgenic mice have the capacity to differentiate and mature normally under the culture conditions described here.
Because design and manufacturing knowledge is not captured, key decision points intended to measure and ensure that a weapon system has sufficiently matured to move forward in the process risk becoming unsupported by critical knowledge.
The blastocyst formation rate in our study is similar to results from the recent reports in which porcine adult somatic (cumulus) cells (5-10%) [ 29, 51] or fetal fibroblasts (1-16%) [ 11, 29, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57] were transferred into enucleated M II oocytes <b>matured</b> in media supplemented with pFF.
Shorter development time is important in ephemeral aquatic habitats such as temporary ponds and phytotelmata, allowing adults to escape prior to dry down in late spring or early summer [ 29 30 ] . Short time to maturity allows the insects to escape their larval habitat before it dries up, and males that <b>mature</b> before females are ready to mate when females emerge.
Business executives keep in mind that initial CIO models adopted should not be set in stone, but may have to be adjusted over time as their enterprises grow or mature.
Cells were maintained in humidified air containing 5% CO 2 for two weeks to allow for cell-cell junctions to mature.
As cells matured towards hypertrophy, there was also increased cell death in our micromass cultures (Figure 2, Panel D).
It is likely that the B cells that mature in these 'pseudogerminal centers' and those that we have identified in the present studies are responding to specific (auto)antigens.
While ZZZ triploids seemed like normal males that produced abnormal sperm, ZZW animals appeared female on hatching and then developed some male gonadal and behavioral characteristics as they matured [ 20].
Although this study did not compare defined IVM medium with complex medium the results indicate that protein-free IVM medium is suitable for maturing recipient oocytes for the production of cloned embryos.
Prudie thinks, overall, that if this is the young lad's only negative, you should learn to roll with the punches (or burgers, in your case) and hope that his maturing will ameliorate your problem.
A full length murine cDNA representing Langerhans cell protein 1 (LCP1) was originally cloned from maturing epidermal Langerhans cells, while its human homologue KIAA0737 was cloned from human brain [ 29 ] as was a cDNA encoding TNRC9 (also known as CAGF9) [ 32 ] . Searches of the EST database confirm that all family members are expressed at the level of mRNA, and we have shown that KIAA0808 is expressed at the level of protein using a cross-reactive anti-TOX antisera (data not shown).
The practices are not new ideas in the general management of organizations, but rather are the application of well-founded principles in the maturing area of information technology and management.
PTGS and trans-silencing are similarly intertwined in other cases, for example in the epimutable petunia CHS41 locus [ 10 ] . PTGS often leads to DNA methylation, although primarily in coding regions [ 35 ] . However, DNA methylation of promoters, more easily aligned with transcriptional silencing, can be RNA mediated if suitable double stranded RNA versions of the promoter sequence are transcribed, either fortuitously or by design [ 36 37 38 39 40 ] . Therefore, there may be a natural tendency for PTGS loci to mature to TGS and associated trans-silencing, which in turn could prove problematic in applying PTGS in commercial plant breeding programs.
In the epididymides of both humans and macaques the protein was localized to the principal cells of the epithelium and in the heads of maturing sperm (positive control).
Whether you are a recent or not-so-recent graduate, I invite you to watch us grow as a maturing urban university on the go!
Hands on hips, he pauses, then strides toward another of those situations in which maturing Gen-Xers will inevitably find themselves, as we hear the only other bit of narration in the spot: "These are those pants ...
Although the biological mechanisms underlying the inverse association between menarcheal age and adult obesity are uncertain, it has been suggested that early maturing girls may have a longer period of positive energy balance [ 1 ] , or that various endocrine factors influence both the <b>rate</b> of sexual maturation and the accumulation of body fat [ 6 ] . However, it is also possible that the apparent influence of menarcheal age on adult obesity reflects the underlying importance of childhood obesity, with relatively fat children at increased risk for both early menarche [ 7 9 13 14 15 ] and adult obesity [ 7 16 ] .
A Times leader in April that same year merely ventured: The saying that there are two sorts of pedestrians, the quick and the dead, is well matured.
Some of these activities include nucleic acid binding [ 11 ] , ribonuclease activity (for processing preribosomal RNA) [ 12 ] and association with maturing preribosomal ribonucleoprotein particles [ 13 14 ] . It may also be involved in the transport of ribosomal or other nucleosomal proteins across the nuclear membrane, as it is known to shuttle between the cytoplasm and nucleus and to stimulate the nuclear importation of proteins [ 15 16 ] . Nucleophosmin also appears to be intimately involved in centrosome duplication.
Design elements not achievable in the initial development were planned for subsequent development efforts in future generations of the product, but only when technologies were proven to be mature and other resources were available.
In contrast, among both early and late maturing white women, those who had a childhood BMI Z-score ≥ 0 were 4.7 to 4.8 kg/m 2heavier in adulthood than women who were thinner in childhood.
Parlow, National Hormone & Peptide Program, Torrance, CA) to augment the number of maturing follicles.
The good news is that they are prime candidates for high-technology management--they only have to get older, not more mature.
Classical economic assumptions about market competition are not directly applicable in this situation, even in a “mature” industry like apparel.
