In addition to that, by helping them find jobs, Goodwill reduced the state's Public Support tab by an estimated $4 million.
Federal, state and local governments are freezing or withdrawing much-needed funding sources for people who are truly in need.
Name Address City, State Zip
Name Address City, State, Zip
For a minimum contribution of $250, you become eligible for a 50% Indiana state tax credit through the Indiana Department of Commerce Neighborhood Assistance Program (NAP).
In 1996 the WHO found that much of the population existed in a state of ``semi starvation.''
In light of Secretary of State Albright's imminent trip to the middle east, the New York Times , Los Angeles Times and Washington Post emphasize the deteriorating situation there.
Given that the troubles on the West Bank have not only frosted relations between Arafat and Israel, but also those between Israel and Egypt and between Israel and Saudi Arabia, the paper states that the U.S. is now facing the prospect that the moderate Arab coalition it built after the Persian Gulf war to contain Iraq and Iran is falling apart.
In the Texas case, reports USAT , the defendant companies have agreed to pay about $15 billion over 25 years to reimburse the state for expenses it incurred in the treatment of smoking-related illnesses.
That makes Texas the third state to settle such a case, joining Florida and Mississippi.
"Know that" brings with it the standard and nonstandard issues of the truth or falseness of propositions as they report states of the world.
The secretary of defense directed the nation's armed forces to Defense Condition 3, an increased state of military readiness.
Secretary of State Colin Powell, who had returned from Peru after hearing of the attacks, joined the discussion.
 This group usually included Vice President Cheney, Secretary of State Powell, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, General Hugh Shelton, Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs (later to become chairman) General Myers, DCI Tenet, Attorney General Ashcroft, and FBI Director Robert Mueller.
Secretary Powell said the United States had to make it clear to Pakistan, Afghanistan, and the Arab states that the time to act was now.
Secretary Powell said the United States had to make it clear to Pakistan, Afghanistan, and the Arab states that the time to act was now.
The same day, Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage met with the Pakistani ambassador to the United States, Maleeha Lodhi, and the visiting head of Pakistan's military intelligence service, Mahmud Ahmed.
The same day, Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage met with the Pakistani ambassador to the United States, Maleeha Lodhi, and the visiting head of Pakistan's military intelligence service, Mahmud Ahmed.
That afternoon, Secretary of State Powell announced at the beginning of an NSC meeting that Pakistani President Musharraf had agreed to every U.S. request for support in the war on terrorism.
President Bush also tasked the State Department, which on the following day delivered to the White House a paper titled "Game Plan for a Political- Military Strategy for Pakistan and Afghanistan."
The State Department proposed delivering an ultimatum to the Taliban: produce Bin Ladin and his deputies and shut down al Qaeda camps within 24 to 48 hours, or the United States will use all necessary means to destroy the terrorist infrastructure.
The State Department did not expect the Taliban to comply.
Therefore, State and Defense would plan to build an international coalition to go into Afghanistan.
Finally, the plan detailed a public U.S. stance: America would use all its resources to eliminate terrorism as a threat, punish those responsible for the 9/11 attacks, hold states and other actors responsible for providing sanctuary to terrorists, work with a coalition to eliminate terrorist groups and networks, and avoid malice toward any people, religion, or culture.
President Bush directed Secretary of State Powell to deliver an ultimatum to the Taliban along the lines that his department had originally proposed.
The State Department was also tasked to develop a plan to stabilize Pakistan and to be prepared to notify Russia and countries near Afghanistan when hostilities were imminent.
On the same day, Deputy Secretary of State Armitage was called by Mahmud Ahmed regarding a two-day visit to Afghanistan during which the Pakistani intelligence chief had met with Mullah Omar and conveyed the U.S. demands.
Speculating about other possible states that could be involved, the President told us he also thought about Iran.
However, a movement was growing on the Greek peninsula against Ottoman rule and for an independent Greek state.
Although this attempt was unsuccessful, the campaign for a Greek state continued into the 19th century and began to grow in strength.
The Cyclades and the Sporades island chains were also included in this new state.
He promised a modern state for his people, but as the situation became volatile, civil strife broke out in Turkish cities, and those considered Greek were victims of threats and violence.
Finally, Greece was ousted from its new territory in Asia Minor, which became part of the new Turkish state.
The Crusaders established a feudal Christian state with Godfrey at its head.
In the 1890s, Theodor Herzl (1860–1904) worked to organize a movement, Zionism, to create a Jewish state.
In 1947 the United Nations voted for the partition of Palestine into two states, one Jewish and one Arab, with Jerusalem as an international city that belonged to neither.
The State of Israel was declared during this difficult time.
In response, member states of the Arab League sent troops to help the Palestinian Arabs.
From the standpoint of language, Ventris's work was more important, particularly because it filled in a gap in our knowledge of the early states of Indo-European languages.
The rationale behind referring to them as “lost” arises from the author's observation of an unfortunate state of affairs: because of an increasingly widespread lack of familiarity with the basic, structural elements of our culture—Greek and Roman mythology, the Bible, literature, and ordinary historical fact—people today are unable to discern the origins of terms like aphrodisiac, Achilles [sic] heel or tendon, meet one's Waterloo, sow dragon's teeth , and hand-writing on the wall , to name a few.
In the case of state and local governments, directed flows are known as "unfunded mandates."
House of Representatives from the Chicago area, did not disclose how big the state's hit would be but issued a statement Thursday pointing out that only four states would lose more federal money than Illinois in 2003.
Program Letter 1995-4 provided a general outline as to the issues and criteria that the state planning process should address.
..Provided, however, that the Administrator shall not be required to designate areas for the revised fine particles national primary ambient air quality standard and 8-hour ozone fine particles national primary ambient air quality standard prior to 6-months after the States are required to submit recommendations under section 107(d)(1)(A), but in no event shall the period for designating such
Fill in the blank on this tax tip from a Washington state IRS collection officer.
The results of this pilot study combining tumor registry and insurance claims data raises an important issue for cancer practice in the State of Hawaii and elsewhere.
Frustrated by the Taliban's resistance, two senior State Department officials suggested asking the Saudis to offer the Taliban $250 million for Bin Ladin.
If Colorado's representatives were to heed term limits, the state's congressional delegation would be less powerful than the delegations from states that don't recognize term limits.
State inspectors were authorized to attach a “tenement-made” tag to garments produced by violators.
However, in my current grumpy and groggy state, I'm in absolutely no mood to discuss political correctness.
-- Alex Tabarrok Ball State University, department of economics Muncie, Ind.
Currently, the State Bar's Delivery of Legal Services Committee is attempting to involve government attorneys in pro bono efforts, and the Bar Association's Pro Se Committee, chaired by the Director of New Hampshire Legal Assistance, is working with the New Hampshire Supreme Court to create a courtsponsored Pro Se Task Force and launch a thorough study of pro se issues in the state.
allocate, for such year, to each unit in the Zone 2 States listed in theAdministrator's Emissions Scorecard 2000, Appendix B, Table B1 an amount of nitrogen oxides allowances determined by multiplying eighty percent of the allocation amount under section 453(b) by the ratio of such unit's heat input in the Emissions Scorecard 2000, Appendix B, Table B1 to the total of the heat input in the Emissions Scorecard 2000, Appendix B, Table B1 for all units in the Zone 2 States;
Does he know of all the "Pippen Parks" underwritten by Pippen in his home state of Arkansas to provide safe play environments for kids?
The 1975 law governing the educational access rights of the disabled states that schools don't have to pay for "medical services," but the Court ruled that only applies to services provided by physicians.
