Your gift to Goodwill will be used directly to support services that will help even more find jobs.
Your gift to Goodwill will help us do even more this year because your gift will be used to directly support our work.
The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for, find and keep jobs.
Your gift will help give new meaning to the word success -- for people who have seldom had reason to use the word.
Proof of meeting these, two staff reference letters and an essay stating why they should receive a grant and how it will be used are all reviewed by a Pleasant Run panel, which determines if the applicant merits the funds.
Such fund are often used for college tuition, vocational training or a deposit on an apartment.
Can you help support this wonderful event by furnishing any type of products or services that can be used as prizes for our activities or as a raffle prize?
Therefore, we are asking you to donate 45, $10 gift certificates that can be used toward the purchase of school supplies or clothing, in the total amount of $450.
Your contribution will be used to recruit and retain quality volunteers.
It will also be used to help maintain the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships, including volunteer orientation and training and ongoing supervision and support by a professional staff.
Iraq says the United States and Britain hold up delivery of needed supplies, using their clout in the United Nations.
The U.S. government says it wants to ensure that Iraq is not buying items that appear to be humanitarian in nature but that could be used for making weapons.
I think that is why I welcomed doing a book--it gives one the ability to use so much of what is left on the cutting room floor of daily journalism.
Much of it, of course, using the standards of top newspapers, cannot be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating, although it certainly could make for some very good stories.
Much of it, of course, using the standards of top newspapers, cannot be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating, although it certainly could make for some very good stories.
I always use two simple words when people tell me that one company--whether it is AOL or Microsoft or Disney--is in charge of all our destinies: Babylon was.
The Wall Street Journal "Outlook" observes, "In the U.S. job market, the balance of power is shifting to employees from employers," and states that "the retention frenzy was triggered in part by previous waves of corporate downsizing," which left behind survivors who took stock of career options and used Internet job listings and intensified recruiting to land better offers, which in turn led to counter-offers and higher salaries.
He was one of Clinton's principal enablers, to use a word employed by Maureen Dowd in today's New York Times .
I hope my definition of an autonomous agent is useful, an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle, now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous agents also do often detect and measure and record displacements of external systems from equilibrium that can be used to extract work, then do extract work, propagating work and constraint construction, from their environment.
I know that the earth circles the sun, that the earth is roughly spherical, that chairs are used to sit on.
Daniel Dennett, in his fine book Darwin's Dangerous Idea , advances a hierarchy of forms of "knowing," if I may use that term, that have arisen in evolution by Darwinian means.
As neurons are supposed to proliferate and form novel synaptic connections that survive if used and to mediate the linkage of conditioned to unconditioned stimulus, why not envision a complex chemistry, say, very complex carbohydrate-synthesis patterns sustained by complex sets of enzymes whose activities are modulated by the dierent carbohydrates themselves, which is true of contemporary carbohydrate metabolism. 
The State Department proposed delivering an ultimatum to the Taliban: produce Bin Ladin and his deputies and shut down al Qaeda camps within 24 to 48 hours, or the United States will use all necessary means to destroy the terrorist infrastructure.
Finally, the plan detailed a public U.S. stance: America would use all its resources to eliminate terrorism as a threat, punish those responsible for the 9/11 attacks, hold states and other actors responsible for providing sanctuary to terrorists, work with a coalition to eliminate terrorist groups and networks, and avoid malice toward any people, religion, or culture.
It included a determination to use military force if necessary to end al Qaeda's sanctuary in Afghanistan.
And he saw this as one way of using this event as a way to deal with the Iraq problem."
Originally titled "Infinite Justice," the operation's code word was changed-to avoid the sensibilities of Muslims who associate the power of infinite justice with God alone-to the operational name still used for operations in Afghanistan:"Enduring Freedom."
In Phase Three, the United States would carry out "decisive operations" using all elements of national power, including ground troops, to topple the Taliban regime and eliminate al Qaeda's sanctuary in Afghanistan.
Later, in 454 b.c. , the treasury was transferred to Athens and its deposits were used to finance the construction of many of the major buildings and temples of the Classical Age.
The Bible describes how David’s soldiers conquered Jerusalem by discovering a water tunnel under the walls and using it to take the city by surprise.
A variation on this theme occurs in Alba de Céspedes' The Secret (translated from the Italian by Isabel Quigly: Simon and Schuster, New York, 1958, page 114) where she confides that “I still had a whole afternoon before me to spend, and I used it to tidy up my drawers....”
Nobody used to snicker at Chaucer's line (No. 5818) in The Prologe of the Wyf of Bathe , in which that harried dame asks: Why is my neghebores wif so gay?
The wind used to sweep across that damned airfield with what seemed an absolute determination to crystallize our bodies.
Taking quite at random a single page (page 7) in the journals of the Gregory brothers recording an early (1846) exploration of country east and north of Perth, I find the word water used fifteen times.
Stream is often said not to be used in Australia except in metaphorical ways, normally being replaced by creek .
oy vay; oy vay in mir literally, “Oh, pain,” but, in its long or short form, can be used for anything from condolence to lament:
For a long time he could only find two Yiddish words traditionally used by Jews in such circumstances: “Oi vey.”
From the poet Sappho, who in the sixth century BC was the first to use the lyric to write subjectively and explore the range of female experience, to the Chinese polymath Pan Chao (Ban Zhao), who flourished around AD 100 as historian, poet, astronomer, mathematician and educationalist, the range is startling.
Then, too, one must examine the techniques used to group the many languages of the world.
Because linguists are constantly learning more and more about the relationships among languages, it is best to avoid using an older chart; for the same reason, it would be wise not to stake too much on the accuracy of even a current chart.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is written (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is written in Hebrew characters; Latin, Greek, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were written in cuneiform, quite suitable for writing on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
Schliemann, who discovered the site of Troy, used the evidence in Homer's Iliad to determine his digging site, where any ruins had long since disappeared from view.
Using the evidence available, Renfrew contends that the original Indo-European language, closely related to Hittite, separated after 6500 BC, with the IE languages of western Europe developing from western Anatolia and those of Iran, India, and Pakistan from the eastern division.
It works with a hard disk or with a set of floppies and can be used with 29 popular word-processing programs.
All in all, for a relatively primitive system, it is not too bad; but you would have to be in love with your computer to use it in preference to a far more complete books of synonyms available (especially The Synonym Finder , Rodale in the U.S. and Canada, Longman elsewhere, which offers more than 800,000 synonyms, more than three times the number listed in any other synonym book).
Mr. Davidson's observations on the Scottishness of Chambers 20th Century Dictionary [XV,1] bear out my own formed over sixteen years of using one.
The word might also have been used for a receptacle near the guns where powder and balls were kept.
In part, that is attributable to the designation of his correspondents, who keep him informed on language that is not within earshot, as the “Lexicographic Irregulars,” an amusing reference the first time or two it was used but now beginning to cloy.
But it does say E = mc² ; the version with the capital M and C is, essentially, meaningless to those familiar with the conventional symbolism used in physics.
A sense of humor about a subject is born of a feeling of security about it, but security is the one characteristic often lacking among those who would use Current American Usage .
As a reference work on usage, it is far from complete: The Simon and Schuster Publicity Department could have used an entry on foreword/ forward (spelt “foreward” in the release accompanying the review copy).
A longish section, “Some Troublesome Idiomatic Prepositions,” and a “Glossary of Grammatical and Linguistic Terms Used in This Book,” followed by a list of “References,” sources associated with specific entries, round out the work.
What is missing, for example, at square the circle , is the information that because the area of a circle is mathematically calculated using pi , which is irrational, there is no mathematical way of calculating the dimensions of a square with the same area as that of a given circle.
These are drawn to run midway between/ localities which were shown by the Survey of English Dialects to use the different words or pronunciations which are the subject of the map.
Although it is true that isoglosses, in effect, set off the various areas where a particular usage was recorded, more accurately an isogloss is drawn to connect sites either where speakers employ both usages or where speakers using one or the other live in very close proximity.
The importance of dialect is emphasized regularly in the press, where we read about people being killed, as in parts of India, because they use the wrong shibboleths.
Incidentally, I seem to recall reading somewhere that skins as slang for `dollars' dates from frontier days when trappers used animal skins as currency, and is therefore much older than early 20th-century Harlem.
Our previous analysis of the Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-compound mutant thymocyte phenotype showed a specific partial block at the TN to DP transition, associated with increased apoptosis at both the TN4/pre-DP and DP subsets, and a 10-fold decrease in DP cell numbers [ 29 ] . Using BrdU analysis, we compared the proliferation of Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-fetal thymocytes during the TN to DP transition compared to littermate controls.
This may reflect the fact that TNF-α therapies for IBD are aimed at efficiently clearing TNF-α, while IL-10 therapies must increase IL-10 and recombinant IL-10 is likely too rapidly cleared from the circulation after in vivo administration to provide a uniform protection [ 55 ] . On the other hand, IL-10 gene transfer technology has been used with some success in models of colitis, however its effectiveness is also variable.
In 1996, Salinger's agent forbade a nonprofit Catcher in the Rye Web site from using quotations from the novel, garnering the usual rash of publicity.
A similar scatterplot diagram was used to explore any interdependence between the lengths of the inverted and non-inverted segments within each pair (Figure 6b).
In the 1990s, pro-lifers have used fetal diagrams to illustrate the horror of "partial birth" abortions.
To receive facsimile copies of the daily list or any list from the past 30 days, please call (202) 512-6000 using a touchtone phone.
ALDH activity has been reported in HL-60 cells using 4-hydroxynonenal as substrate [ 32 ] . However, since this molecule is such a poor substrate with ALDH1 compared to ALDH3, the measured activity likely represents only ALDH3 activity.
Virologic findings using the more stringent virologic suppression endpoint of HIV-1 RNA <50 copies/mL paralleled those with the <200 copies/mL endpoint, although differences attained statistical significance.
Nevertheless, this is the first attempt to produce an allergen-induced gene-expression profile in the lung of a non-human primate using genomic tools such as microarray and RT-PCR.
Here, we have used the fold and superfamily assignments from the SCOP [ 14] and Superfamily databases [ 15] and the family classifications from InterPro [ 16, 17].
PGE 2 concentrations were determined using a commercially available ELISA assay (Cayman Chemical Company, Ann Arbor, MI).
The Vybrant Apoptosis Assay Kit (Molecular Probes, Eugene, OG) was used to detect osteoblast apoptosis.
First, it was noted that spelling mistakes occur in Medline [ 19 ] . These could have an influence if the "Affiliation Field" would have been used to enter country names.
In wild-type mice, both transcripts were expressed in the unwounded skin (0 day) used as controls.
This suggests that changes in gene expression smaller than the ± 2-fold commonly used can be reliably identified as differential expression.
While it is not a specific indicator of virginity, it is not used to mean.
Beginning with the full model at each trophic level, we used autoregressive analysis with maximum likelihood estimation and backwards elimination of non-significant covariates and lagged autoregressive terms to arrive at reduced models that minimized the corrected Akaike Information Criterion (AIC 
The cells were illuminated with light from a 75 watt xenon lamp using a O-5717 filter cube obtained from Molecular Probes.
The results will depend upon the species used and the strain or source of the test organisms, and test conditions such as temperature, DO, food, and water quality.
Prior to testing our hypothesis experimentally, and determining whether domoic acid had the potential to directly activate rat neonatal microglia in vitro, we thought that it was of critical importance to establish that: (1) the domoic acid preparation used in these experiments was stable, (2) rat neonatal microglia isolated by our methodology expressed the AMPA glutamate receptor GluR4 subunit which has been observed in activated rat microglia in vivo [ 24 ] and, (3) to confirm that the domoic acid concentration selected for our in vitro studies with rat neonatal microglia was one that was clearly toxic to neuronal cells in vitro after a short-term exposure.
The NYT front reports on the court-ordered release yesterday of more than 124,000 pages of previously secret files from a Mississippi state agency that used spy tactics, intimidation, false imprisonment, jury tampering and other illegal methods to fight civil rights activities in the state.
The CG14975 ORF probe was generated using primers CG14975FWD (TCAGCCGAGAGATTCTAGAGAG) and CG14975REV (CATCGACCATTGTTCTCTCTCC).
In the past two years, investors have begun to make trades without a middleman by using electronic communications networks, or ECNs.
This assumption is made to ensure proper calculation of the ozone statistic used in the exposure-response functions.
Differential equations-based kinetic modeling is an alternative means of capturing the rich dynamics of signaling networks [ 28 29 ] . As time-resolved data sets become available and feedback loops are delineated, it may be necessary to use these methods to understand system dynamics and control [ 30 ] . However, the authors agree with Genoud et.
To build a sophisticated software editor for a visual language and, especially, to design the language to support computer archiving and analysis, one must, however, establish deeper foundations for creating, organizing and using graphic elements.
A Cummins representative stated that not using prototypes becomes a matter of "pay me now or pay me later," meaning that it is far less costly to demonstrate a product's design early in development with prototypes, concepts, and analyses than to incur the cost of significant design changes after a product has entered production-a much more costly environment to make changes.
In hindsight, probably, we should have suspected that Judge Starr would not use the phrase "fiery loins."
Libraries were prepared according to the double adaptor method [ 39] with the following modifications: DNA was sheared using the Hydroshear (Gene Machines, San Carlos, CA) at speed code 2 for 25 cycles.
Memo to the White House: It's been Chatterbox's understanding that you come down pretty hard on anyone who tries to use the president's image in a commercial pitch--even if it's a joke (as, arguably, everything in Weekly World News is intended to be).
MAR means that the probability of missing depends only on observed variables [ 3 ] . Four strategies for examining the bias or sensitivity of results when MAR does not hold are to ( i ) fit all saturated MAR and non-MAR missing-data models [ 4 5 ] , ( ii ) add a parameter to various MAR models to make them non-MAR and test if the fit is significantly improved [ 6 7 ] , ( iii ) impute the missing data in one arm using the observed proportion of events in the other arm [ 8 9 ] , ( iv ) estimate results under a non-MAR missing-data mechanism with key parameters specified by the investigator [ 1 10 ] - [ 13 ] . We propose a variation of method ( iv ) for randomized trials with binary outcome that explicitly uses the randomization distribution to reduce user input.
Gene expression of CEM and ACH2 were performed using Atlas Human cDNA Expression Array (Clontech Laboratories Inc., Palo Alto, CA) according to the manufacturer's directions.
Once planning and decision-making structures are in place and performance results can be used as part of the decision-making process, organizations are in a better position to ensure that goals and objectives clearly link and align with IT performance measures.
To find out more about the composition of the Arabidopsis repeats, each sequence was searched against AtRepBase [ 25] and the Arabidopsis gene database [ 26] (using a maximum BLAST E-value of 0.01 and at least 100% identity for Arabidopsis genes and at least 95% identity to AtRep-Base sequences).
Gel-electrophoresis and transfer of RNA to the membrane were carried out in accordance with the standard protocol [ 29 ] . The hybridization was carried out according to the optimized low-background protocol [ 30 ] . PCR amplified DNA fragment for probe preparation was purified using Wizard PCR Preps Columns (Promega) and labeled using Prime-a-Gene Labeling System (Promega).
A BioMaterial is derived from one or more BioMaterials through Treatment events, which also specify the protocol and amount(s) of the BioMaterial(s) used.
These analogous steps in different pathways were originally used in formulating the recruitment hypothesis for evolutionary acquisition of new function [ 37], and it is interesting that the citramalate synthase gene shown in M. jannaschii had previously been annotated as α-isopropylmalate synthase (which catalyzes the initial step of leucine biosynthesis).
