You needed this- orange leaves and winding roads, the sound of her voice and the radio humming softly in the back of the car.
I didn’t ask her; soon I heard the soft splashing sounds of the water, and jumped...
For a while there was the sound of yelling and doors slamming, and then an entourage of hansom cabs drove up the road, containing Noon and his escort.
The sound of the rain on the roof!
The sound was loud, but didn't muffle out everything else.
I scratched the pillowcase, making a soft sound to help distract myself.
He falls exhausted to the ground and the sound of the snow crunching beneath his body fills his frozen ears.
He can hear the sound of nearby cars driving by and he lifts an arm uselessly.
His lips contorted as if they had lost their ability to shape sound.
I don't think the audience is laughing at Coons; the laughter has an incredulous, oh-my-god sound to it.
Fact: Sound is a vibration.
Sound travels as a mechanical wave through a medium, and in space, there is no medium.
The ship had all the usual accoutrements (artificial gravity, tastefully painted walls, sound dampeners to keep the noise of the engines from driving the crew batshit insane, recycled air systems), and a few less-usual: lush carpeting, lighting that was decorative as well as functional, spacious corridors.
Fact: The speed of sound in dry air at twenty degrees Celsius or sixty-eight degrees Fahrenheit is three hundred and forty-three meters per second, or one thousand one hundred twenty-five feet per second.
Repeat it enough times, it's just a sound.
Adrienne shook her head and made a sound of disgust.
Fact: Sound is a vibration.
The speed of sound in dry air at twenty degrees Celsius or sixty-eight degrees Fahrenheit is three hundred and forty-three meters per second, or one thousand one hundred twenty-five feet per second.
May be Sung to 'The Sound of Music'.
Since light travels faster than sound, isn't that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak?
sounds of frantic pecking on keyboard.
More screaming and the sound of rushing water.
Curious about its depth they threw in a pebble and waited for the sound of it striking the bottom, but they heard nothing.
All four people move closer to the TV as PERKINS turns the sound on.
Now that the international character code ISO 10646 is out, isn't it time for communication systems to be able to not only exchange pictures and sound but also plain text?
Footsteps echoed through the stone chamber, and the sound reflected back to me from everywhere.
PIRATES OF THE CARRIBEAN: DEAD MAN'S CHEST by Ted Elliott & Terry Rossio [view looking straight down at rolling swells, sound of wind and thunder, then a low heartbeat] Scene: PORT ROYAL [teacups on a table in the rain] [sheet music on music stands in the rain] [bouquet of white orchids, Elizabeth sitting in the rain holding the bouquet] [men rowing, men on horseback, to the sound of thunder] [EITC logo on flag blowing in the wind] [many rowboats are entering the harbor] [Elizabeth sitting alone, at a distance] [marines running, kick a door in] [a mule is seen on the left in the barn where the marines enter] [Liz looking over her shoulder] [Elizabeth drops her bouquet] [Will is in manacles, being escorted by red coats] ELIZABETH SWANN: Will...
PIRATES OF THE CARRIBEAN: DEAD MAN'S CHEST by Ted Elliott & Terry Rossio [view looking straight down at rolling swells, sound of wind and thunder, then a low heartbeat] Scene: PORT ROYAL [teacups on a table in the rain] [sheet music on music stands in the rain] [bouquet of white orchids, Elizabeth sitting in the rain holding the bouquet] [men rowing, men on horseback, to the sound of thunder] [EITC logo on flag blowing in the wind] [many rowboats are entering the harbor] [Elizabeth sitting alone, at a distance] [marines running, kick a door in] [a mule is seen on the left in the barn where the marines enter] [Liz looking over her shoulder] [Elizabeth drops her bouquet] [Will is in manacles, being escorted by red coats] ELIZABETH SWANN: Will...
BAYOU: Tia's shack [bayou with fireflies, and an iguana on a tree trunk on the left] [the iguana eats a firefly with a quick slurping sound] [people are occasionally seen standing quietly in the darkness among the trees] JACK SPARROW: No worries, mates.
Although the multi-paned windows are present at an upper level of the wall, the corner of the room is glazed with large, mullionless sheets of plate glass, offering dramatic views of Long Island Sound.
He had filled his pen and raised it, the nib descending towards the paper, before the sound came: the gentle, persistent tapping of the gnarled, primeval willow touching the window with long, insistent fingers.
He spoke the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan shrank back before the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat.
reading a pathology book,listening music and wondering what movie is the one running on tv with muted sound..
Browsing: Christine Vachon - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia url Browsing: Dirty Laundry (2007) url writing a business plan, under the defining sound of god/dess laughing uproariously Reading: The Long Tail: Are dead-tree magazines good or bad for the climate?
From digital picture and sound to new premium packages and a really cool picture-in-picture guide, it’s television you have to see to believe.
DTV offers more than 200 channels, delivered with a picture as bright and as sharp as you’d see on a movie screen and crystal clear sound that rivals your favorite CD.
Hong Kong has a vast range of the most high-tech audio-visual, sound, and screen equipment.
Chatterbox also likes "Incredible Sucking Sound," but doesn't want to annoy Ross Perot.
They also noticed the stench of rotting meat from his apartment and they "heard sounds of sawing from his apartment day and night."
("That giant sucking sound you hear is the sound of the Republican Party sucking up to Buchanan," quips McLaughlin's Eleanor Clift.)
The memory of the first "incident"--the fuzzy, barely audible sound of the person on the other end of the line, interrupted by "break up," the need to scream insanely into the phone, "BRING HOME A QUART OF MILK I SAID" while passersby stare curiously--would be enough to convince people to throw away the damn things immediately.
( USAT says that the plane was weightless for 20 seconds and reached 94 percent of the speed of sound.)
(The sound you hear in the background is my emergency hyperbole alarm going off.)
Masters praised Y2K for its superior sound production, noting that the term features an elegant plosive progression, moving from soft (Y) to hard (2) to hardest (K).
Refracted through a British prism, these styles became Merseybeat , the sound of the Beatles . Bob Dylan and The Byrds expanded rock's themes to include the poetic and the political, while Eastern influences and psychedelic drugs changed the music and the culture.
Some systems offer slightly cheaper rates, but the sound quality is lousy.
Critics dismiss the fourth installment in the Batman series as nonsensical kitsch, a "wild, campy costume party" (Janet Maslin, the New York Times ). Director Joel Schumacher ( A Time to Kill ), a former window dresser, leans heavily on high-concept get-ups (villainess Uma Thurman sports a suit made from 450 Santa Claus wigs) in the apparent hope of deflecting attention from a script that "has the eerie feeling of having no beginning, no middle and no end" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). Still, his overwrought attempts to make the film fun--fast editing, crashingly loud sound effects--end up making it "a punishing ordeal" (Alex Ross, Slate).
The picture printed, the racket is suddenly replaced by the striking sounds of calm--the low hum of the grandfather's voice, punctuated by the ticktock of the grandfather clock.
The firm, which composed the music and designed the sound for Mischief , counts BMW, Pepsi, and Ocean Spray among its clients.
Also drawing wide attention: the only segment of the compilation without a sound track is the one in which Clinton is seen meeting with John Huang.
In 1965, for example, Dylan went electric, abandoning folk's soft sound, earnest politics, and rabidly loyal fans.
One of the hottest retirement communities in Puget Sound, Sequim knows precisely where it wants to go and how many more new golf courses it will take to get there.
Surrounded by cameras, sound men, still photographers, and reporters, he could barely see the audience, let alone take notice of the casualties in it.
And the sound must be interference-free.
and listen for the sounds of happy folks in joyous communion .
We see the bad with the good, the debased and decadent with the sound and the vital.
Geoffrey Block, professor of music at the University of Puget Sound School of Music in Tacoma, Wash.
The tell us a lot about this recording: First, a superbly voiced E-flat major chord with every instrument audible, the winds biting through the string sound, the timpani crisp yet viscerally forceful.
2 sonatas, for example, don't need a sound source identical to the Hammerklavier . And the coming original-instrument performances of the remaining concertos from Levin and Gardiner promise to be revelatory.
And, all the while, Yuri Bashmet goes threading his way across the foreground, a lonely man with an eerie and haunting sound, sometimes quietly shrieking, sometimes singing lyrically--a heartbreaking figure, heartbreakingly courageous--until, by the end, he seems to be quietly sobbing.
The drums, usually so central to jazz, are for the most part rendered useless by the intricately accented horn charts within the 19-piece ensemble sound.
First, a newly prominent form of what is known as "sound symbolism" is crowding out some older ones in competition for a familiar piece of habitat.
In his book Rock Gold: The Music Millionaires , George Tremlett observes that "people in the music business always talk about [music] with one word that you hardly ever see mentioned in the popular press: Product . Sound recordings may be technically superb, with all the benefits of the latest digital electronics, but it's only 'good' Product, 'live' Product, or 'strong' Product if it sells.
It's repeatedly blotted out by the sound effects that erupt in tandem with every move or twitch on-screen.
And while most candidate Web sites are rich in position papers and press releases and sound clips and applets, they're the cyberequivalent of a table set up at a campaign rally where you can pick up brochures.
Sound of the breath blown over the bottle,sound of the reveler home at dawn, light of the sun a warbler yellow, the sun insong-flight, lopsided-pose.
The last thing you want to hear is the sound of your own worn heart.
He looked as though he wasn't sure if he liked the sound of that term.
It keeps the initial capital A and the first two syllables of "A&A" (pronounced "A 'n' A"); it puns on "eon," which implies longevity and stability--a desirable connotation for an insurance-services company, especially one that has just undergone a major and disruptive change; it has a remote but perceptible similarity in sound to "Bain"; and it gives the company a unique, legally protectable, and memorable name, unlike the generic "Combined Insurance" moniker.
Even when something new breaks on the Clinton-scandal front, it takes on a familiar sound in "Clinton and the Media."
Lenny Bruce built a routine around the idea that repeating the word "nigger" over and over and over very, very fast could strip it of its cruel power, reducing it to an impotent sound.
Such a long tube gives sound waves lots of room to enlarge.
Although most of the public debate over that agreement focused on alleged job losses or gains (Ross Perot's "great sucking sound" vs. the administration's claim that NAFTA would create hundreds of thousands of jobs), believed that the net effect on employment would be zero.
My comment was that there was another possibility besides economics: namely, that black college students might disproportionately prefer spending their disposable income on items besides computers, such as sound systems and cars.
But it's also true, as never before, that the archives of sound and image constitute a continuous retro loop that people can--and will--draw on.
Jack Nicholson, who starred in Kubrick's The Shining , was the only star big enough to talk about the maestro with anything less than total respect: "Stanley's good on sound," Nicholson said to Time . "Stanley's good on the color of the mike.
I informed him of my CD-ROM/sound card suspicions, and he pried open my computer's metal box and started gabbing about 40-pin connections.
Nicknamed "The Velvet Fog" for his smooth voice, Torme "sang with a geniality that seemed ingrained and a voice that was incapable of making an unpleasant sound" (Holden, the New York Times ). He was most famous for his scat improvisations and enjoyed a renaissance in the 1990s, when, after a lifetime of performing, he was discovered by a younger generation interested in lounge music.
Hazelwood: Pristine waters of Prince William Sound
The grueling monotony is broken only at night, when the students go into their tents and the sounds come again and the very celluloid seems to shiver with cold and fear.
We have to fight hard not to compromise the natural sound of the voice and its natural projection."
Other characters are only shown reacting to the sound of the gunshot.
I could track Floyd, read Weather Service bulletins, and follow satellite images without having to suffer through moronic anchor-blondes screaming into microphones over the sound of the wind.
It is an odd sound and, like chewing gum, should best be done in private.
The best I can describe the process for me is that it resembles noodling on a piano: I run rhythms and sentences--or maybe not even sentences, the shapes of sentences--across one another, trying out their sounds, and sometimes I get a tune-like combination of sound and syntax that makes me want to go on, extend and refine it, as it comes to dredge sustenance from the great pool of feelings and ideas that accumulates in a life.
To lure Christmas shoppers, the malls promise tree lightings and other "sights and sounds of the holidays."
I put in the sound of cartilage being crunched and show the bright red blood pouring out of someone's nose, and I give you a close up of the other person's broken fingers beginning to swell.
Onomatopoeia has a long, honorable, and pleasurable history—from Aristophanes' brek-ke-kex ko-ax ko-ax to Kermit's ribbet, ribbet —from majestic lines in ancient epic poetry to simple, homey words like plop, splash , and murmur . In every language and time, the sound and look of some words have given clues to their meaning: their sound has suggested their sense.
A funny thing or two happened in the pronunciation key: the distinction is made between r as the symbol for the initial sound in rim and rr for the medial sound in marry . Although these are different sounds in many British English dialects, they are not only allophonic but in complementary distribution (that is, they never exchange places), hence do not need separate symbols.
I don't know where the -sh sound arose in nebbish , but in all eastern European dialects of Yiddish the word is nebbikh or nebbakh , with a velar fricative sound that is rendered as -sh by speakers who find that easier to pronounce.
It is a series of sounds impressed into a kind of semantic slavery, for urltil recently the collocations could do no semantic work on their own in their present form.
Similarly, the phrase recorded live , while it suggests the overtones of a concert rather than a studio performance, may still sound odd to an untrained ear (this may be termed sound mixing, in a double sense).
How much easier for the tongue to splat itself against the palate and make a ch sound rather than make three more delicate maneuvers to form the sounds of a t , and an r , and a y .
Sometimes the words we use are the sounds of the communicating: whispering, cackling, prattling, chuckling, chortling, mumbling, grumbling.
The text is punctuated here and there by tables showing the progressive development of selected symbols (as, for example, in Sumerian), the Devanagari syllabary (in which several modern and ancient Indian languages are written), the Hebrew, Arabic, and other alphabets, Chinese and Japanese writing, and attractive drawings showing the hieroglyphic (with sound values in English orthography).
What I found was that the syllabics occurred only when the preceding sound was a dental or alveolar (d or t); when it was a velar (k or g), there was enough time for a speaker to release a sound which was more like a full schwa than a syllabic.
“Forced’ for forest would hardly be surprising among German settlers, for Forst is a German word for forest . More intriguing is “meowk’ for milk . In the Bernese dialect of Swiss-German, the l is replaced by a rather indistinct u sound, so that the German Milch becomes Miuch (with “ch’ as in “loch’).
Listen with an attentive ear to the sounds of Inglish and the Englishes of other lands.
Poe, for example, used repetition in his poem The Bells to convey to the reader a sense of actually hearing the tolling of the bells, as though the sounds themselves were imprinted on the page.
Conversing over a noisy telephone line would be impossible were it not for the complexity of speech sounds.
Conversely, if the listener continually finds himself disoriented with each new note, unable to identify any underlying pattern or theme, then the piece seems merely a random collection of sounds and is equally uninteresting.
Structural categories depend upon changes in the sound of words or upon their appearance in written form, particularly the effect upon spelling.
Since sound and mental image are the keys to good spoonerisms, auditory types are most acceptable.
Meaningless spoonerisms may be amusing in sound, but do not create real words.
Going a step further, linguists have noted the similarity between the sonorous sound manipulations of such artificial words in magical incantations and children's game songs.
This is rendered as `without tone or sound.
Indeed, Langenscheidt's Russian-German Pocket Dictionary has the entry fol'klor which reflects the sound correctly (the letter l has a soft sign after it), meaning Volkskunst or folklore.
But in slovenliness sleeps the sound of new sayings.
[from sound bound.
There are linguistic terms for these sorts of sounds, from bilabial implosives—a kiss becomes a smooch —to dental or alveolar stops— tut tut , scolds the cautious professor.
Other spelled-out bodily reactions range from eructation to fright, though admittedly people sometimes over-pronounce the sounds for a humorous effect.
In other countries, animals are similarly saddled with precisely imprecise sound effects, such as gnaf-gnaf for a French poodle, or wanwan for a Japanese akita.
' For three centuries there was no spelling distinction between the two, but the noun was pronounced with a long “u” sound (COORSE).
xxxii), but that cannot be said to be r -coloring, which we ought to restrict to a sound that has some resemblance to the pronunciation of r .
It has a pleasing sound once used by the poet Burns with his Bonnie Lesley , and its French form is immortalized by the delightful Leslie Caron.
In a Chinese restaurant in Tehran (in 1977) a waitress told me that her name meant the sound of small bells heard tinkling across the valley.
Note that the old t-for-th sound survives also in Esther, Theresa, the river Thames, the British pronunciation of Anthony as Antony, and the name of the spice thyme , usually called time.
[A slightly bowdlerized translation might read: I heard a sound which I took to be the hiss of a snake emanating from a dark corner.
Phoneticians, pronunciation editors of dictionaries, linguists, language teachers, and others who are—and ought to be—interested in and knowledgeable about the sounds of many languages and who have—and ought to have—sufficient background and training to understand the technical materials on which understanding of the text relies will be amply rewarded by this valuable book.
rhotic accent Non-rhotic accents drop the /r/ when it is followed by a consonant sound, as in part.
Undeniable is the grossly comic intention and effect, doubtless a reflection of pop culture's infatuation with the sputtering, guttural, goofy German (rather than Yiddish) sounds of TV's Stalag 17 .
As their sound developed, they sang at family gatherings, fund raisers and eventually graduated to supermarket openings and proms.
Heart sounds are not the function of the heart.
The cockpit voice recorder captured the sounds of the passenger assault muffled by the intervening cockpit door.
Less than a minute later, the Cleveland controller and the pilots of aircraft in the vicinity heard "a radio transmission of unintelligible sounds of possible screaming or a struggle from an unknown origin."
These could include hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
• Some patients experience residual inhibition: tinnitus suppression or temporary disappearance following exposure to external sounds.
Depending on test results and individual preferences, patients can increase the level of pleasant sounds in any environment by using hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
The MMG was recorded with acceleration or sound transducers [ 10 11 12 13 14 ] . The technique of recording MMG was refined using piezoresistive silicon accelerometers in a surface mount package [ 15 16 17 ] to provide a reliable acquisition of MMG [ 15 16 ] . Preliminary results showed the potential of the MMG signal to monitor the muscle fatigue [ 15 ] . The EMG and MMG recorded simultaneously from the same muscle seem to have similar behavior [ 3 15 16 ] , i.e. the MF of SEMG and MMG decrease from the very beginning of the contraction, and their RMS values increase.
This problem may be the result of two conflicting design goals: the military needs (low sound and low light emissions) and the needs of the intensive care unit (visual physiologic data presentation and loud auditory signals and alarms).
Regiments of soldiers in full dress regalia march precisely to the sound of pipe and drum in the Military Tattoo, and connoisseurs of the silver screen gather for an extravaganza of offerings on celluloid.
Here you can experience an earthquake, touch an iceberg, and listen to the sound of a rain forest all in one place.
The distinctive sound of the cicada chirps through the heat of the day.
The buzzing sound of the wings signals their approach and, if you are lucky, they will fly up and perch on your finger to take the food.
Luxor temple does not have a sound and light show but it is open late each evening, offering you a chance to enjoy the majestic remains under floodlights, a very romantic sight to behold.
The gardens here are famous for their five fountains that imitate the many different sounds of the monsoon, from light showers to torrential storms.
As you cross the bridge, stop in the middle to immerse yourself in the sights and sounds of the people, the blazing neon, and the Dotomburi River below you.
In the streets directly below the castle walls, you may well hear the sounds of craftsmen beating copper — from whom you can buy direct.
You have to move out to the deep-water sounds, however, to get to the big fish such as marlin, sailfish, and tuna.
Southern Eleuthera is served by an airport near the little town of Rock Sound, which is famed for its blue hole, which Jacques Cousteau spent time investigating.
The deepwater sounds are where the big fish such as marlin, sailfish, barracuda, and tuna run.
When Britain’s Queen Elizabeth II made an official visit to the lighthouse, she stopped at the roadside below to admire the view toward Riddell’s Bay and the islands of Great Sound.
The sound, some 3 km (2 miles) in diameter, is thought to be a huge caldera that formed after a powerful volcanic eruption.
The South Road (bus route #1) leads east from the Hamilton area, through Paget and Devonshire parishes to the southern edge of Harrington Sound and then on toward Castle Harbour.
On your way up Harrington Sound Road, you will come to Lemington Caves, a series of caves smaller than Crystal Caves but equally spectacular.
On the north side of the square, the Musée du Fort, 10 rue Ste-Anne, stages a sound and light show alternately in English and French on the military history of Québec City.
The only sound here is that of the wind gently whistling through El Río, the waterway separating Lanzarote and Graciosa.
One of the most popular new tourist treats are the bell-striking and drum-beating ceremonies carried out daily by “warriors” to the sound of re-creations of Tang Dynasty music.
The road west (3 km/2 miles from Cascais) passes Boca do Inferno (Mouth of Hell), a geological curiosity where, in rough weather, the waves send up astonishingly high spouts of spray accompanied by ferocious sound effects.
Following dinner, the jungle, sounds of nature, and a replica of a pyramid are the backdrop for a performance of pre-Hispanic dances with a unique contemporary choreographic twist.
Anyway, wasn't it a "giant sucking sound"?
Show me someone like Marilyn Manson and I'll say, OK, Miller's right: Rock is a "finished cultural form--a more or less fixed repertoire of sounds and styles and patterns of behavior."
If Dylan's ears weren't caught up by the Beatles' sound first, he never would have imbued the song with such possibilities--which I have to believe were pretty subversive back in 1964.
("That giant sucking sound you hear is the sound of the Republican Party sucking up to Buchanan," quips McLaughlin's Eleanor Clift.)
After falling suddenly from 33,000 feet to 16,000 feet (and perhaps reaching the speed of sound), the plane rose like a roller coaster to 24,000 feet and then dropped again to 10,000 feet, at which point it was "no longer consistent with a flying airplane," says the National Transportation Safety Board.
And you thought lawyers were incomprehensible morally compromised bullshit artists in love with the sound of their own voices before . Just imagine being selected to sit on the jury that has to listen to Johnny Cochran appeal the O.J. case on the grounds of factual inconsistencies due to string theory.
The term begins with a labial sound: the "Y" being formed with the lips.
No music, no voice-over, no sound.
In the '70s, blues rock (a modern white version of the blues) transformed itself into heavy metal , typified by Led Zeppelin . Singer/songwriters like James Taylor recorded easy-listening confessionals, and country-rockers like the Eagles institutionalized The Byrds' country experiments (and adumbrated the slick contemporary country sound of Nashville stars like Garth Brooks ). Funk ( James Brown , Sly and the Family Stone, Funkedelic) made soul wilder and looser, and disco combined the celebration of Eros and dancing with beats derived from funk, Latin music, and German experimentalists like Kraftwerk.
Critics' doubts about whether the middle-aged rockers have any staying power are overcome; they praise Fleetwood Mac's new songs, their '70s sound notwithstanding.
RealAudio; for sound only
The courts have ruled that a work cannot be legally copied if it is 1) an original, creative product--not merely a fact or something found in nature, like the sound of the wind, or 2) written or recorded--not just an idea.
Whether digital or analog, whether in ink or sound waves or synaptic firings or electrons, information always resides in patterns of matter or energy (which, as Einstein noted, are interchangeable manifestations of the physical world).
Based on a review of the trajectory charts in The Physics of Baseball and Keep Your Eye on the Ball: The Science and Folklore of Baseball , conversations with University of Puget Sound physicist Andrew Rex, and correspondence with aerospace engineer and baseball researcher Roger Hawks, I determined that the McGwire home run would have traveled about 474 feet.
But hunters from all over Puget Sound rushed to apply for permits.
But this is the Torch, remember--who, in just a couple of months, has distinguished himself as the member of the upper chamber most in love with the sound of his own voice.
The pencil press can sometimes hang around the edges, writing sardonic little comments in their notebooks, but the TV crews must get good pictures and good sound.
It doesn't happen ." And they don't miss the sound either.
In fact, a hybrid approach may yield the best results: for example, Java presentation software that uses machine-specific ActiveX controls for high-performance animation and sound.
I can hear better sound on the radio or on a CD, but there is something special about the TV performance that is connected with doing something extremely well.
If the defense is that 1990s rap is documentary--"the authentic sound of the streets"--well, so were those verse-and-chorus ballads of the 1890s.
Herbert Kretzmer, one of the lyricists of Les Misérables , put it to me this way: "It's a question of finding what Johnny Mercer called the sound of the music.
Academic interpreters have failed to meet the challenge posed by Helen Vendler in her landmark study On Extended Wings --to give up the search for intellectual subject matter and to treat Stevens as "pure sound."
His finger work is impeccable, his phrasing elegant, his stance as swaggering as one could wish, but the sound of his instrument--a fortepiano, an earlier, less powerful version of our modern-day piano--is irreconcilably at odds with his intentions.
What accounts for charisma in music--for the authority or power that strangely radiates from this or that performer, not just from the sound but (so it seems) from the performer's personality, from the shake of a head or the expressive curl of a wrist?
At the same time, water courses through many of his concert pieces (which have titles like "Rain Tree Sketch" and "Towards the Sea"), and Takemitsu was a master at painting rain, waves, and rivulets in sound.
When she hears herself saying that being with her husband is "like being with papa," she pauses for a second, then flashes her eyes with something close to a recognition of primal sin, utters a sound somewhere between a hysterical giggle and a shriek of horror, and rushes across the room as if in flight from her own words.
Few musicians followed Evans' lead, though fragments of his sound wash up here and there.
English has long had various ways of mimicking the generic sound of spoken language, the noise of a crowd, or idle chatter (chatter being such a word).
There are telltale characteristics, widely if not universally present: the replacement of an initial "th" with a "d" sound ("dis," "dem") and of a medial or final "th" by an "f" or other consonant sound ("with" becomes "wif," "brother" becomes "bruvah"); a reduction of consonant clusters in general (so that "first" becomes "firs" and "hand" becomes "han"); the replacement of a final "r" sound with a vowel sound ("summah" for "summer" and "mo" for "more"); the prevalence of so-called plosive consonants (making a word such as "bill" sound more like "beel"); the placement of stress on a first, rather than a second, syllable ("DEE-troit"); the disappearance of the final "s" from third-person singular verbs ("what go 'round, come 'round"); the dropping of the copula ("I here," "the coffee cold") and of certain tense inflections altogether.
"Ah, the sound of soft money," the operative said.)
The "Gesture Wall," for instance, puts a little zip of electricity through you, which makes you intelligible to some sensors in front of you, which means you can "play" snippets of music and sound by gesticulating.
The blackening waters, the sound of the pounding surf
Sound of the breath blown over the bottle,sound of the reveler home at dawn, light of the sun a warbler yellow, the sun insong-flight, lopsided-pose.
If he'd like to assert that Californians are responsible for the growth of Seattle, then Ferrigno had also better take responsibility for the lack of growth-planning, the Eastside sprawl (the Los Angelesifcation of the Puget Sound), and the lack of transportation vision--all of which envelop the region.
I was hungryfor what you gave, awkward in my largeness: Delicate , you said, like a Victorian .Offshore, low sound of horns in fog, but the pastcomes proudly forward.
Such a little thing--barely the size of a shoe box--yet it puts out the "full, rich sound" of a "primary music system."
He applied 47 years of experience with this art to the rather skimpy components of the Model 88, which explains how he gets such a smooth, coherent sound from not only a small box but also a cheap one.
Anthony Hopkins plays the zillionaire communications baron whom Death enlists in the hope of understanding the human condition--an odd choice for a tour guide, since most people's condition doesn't involve personal helicopters, sprawling mansions on Long Island Sound, or Manhattan apartments that sport Olympic-size swimming pools.
Some like it: a "foxy, snotty, enjoyably trashy update," says Lisa Schwarzbaum of Entertainment Weekly . Others find the idea of such young actors in this tale of sexual intrigue and betrayal ridiculous: "The liaisons here aren't dangerous, they're incongruous" (Jami Bernard, the Daily News ). Critics are either entranced by the youngsters' acting or find the whole concept of fresh-from-the-WB kids as Vicomte De Valmont and Marquise De Merteuil "faintly ridiculous" (Stephen Holden, the New York Times ). (This site has links to information on all the film versions of the novel, as well as sound clips and photos.)
The sound belongs at a railroad crossing in Kankakee, near the fatal Amtrak crash in Bourbonnais, Ill., said a local resident.
is the vivid tension he generates between earnest romanticism and howling discord" (David Fricke, Rolling Stone ). Reviews compare the band's sound with predecessors as diverse as Wire, Hüsker Dü, and Lou Reed, and several mark the similarity of Martsch's voice to Neil Young's.
(This site has photos, sound clips, and info on Martin.)
As for the sounds from other desks, use earplugs or the above-mentioned Walkman to drown out the sounds of celery.
Here are sound effects so hammy that they might have been borrowed from one of those old haunted-house party albums.
Costner stands on the mound shaking off the signals of his longtime catcher (John C. Reilly); he forces himself to tune out the huge Yankee Stadium crowd (the background blurs before our eyes and the sound drops out); and he mutters darkly at a succession of batters, some old nemeses, some old buddies.
Some examples, taken from the delightful Samuel Johnson Sound Bite Page maintained by Frank Lynch.
"What's most troubling about this witless mishmash of whiny, infantile philosophizing and bone-crunching violence is the increasing realization that it actually thinks it's saying something of significance" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times derides it as a "frankly and cheerfully fascist big-star movie," labels the violence "macho porn," and frets that though "sensible people know that if you hit someone with an ungloved hand hard enough, you're going to end up with broken bones, the guys in Fight Club have fists of steel, and hammer one another while the sound effects guys beat the hell out of Naugahyde sofas with Ping-Pong paddles."
Atlanta's sprawl keeps people sitting in their cars for hours, encouraging them to eat fatty fast food and run down kids who, bloated and logy from their indoor lifestyle, bike-less and slow, staggering along on foot, slowed by 35-pound backpacks, make easy targets and a sickening sort of "squish" sound.
But before too much redistributive social policy gets made around such results, it might be good to add a question to the survey: "Do you have a luxury sound system or a car less than two years old, or a luxury sound system in that car?"
Also good sound effects.
Onomatopoeia has a long, honorable, and pleasurable history—from Aristophanes' brek-ke-kex ko-ax ko-ax to Kermit's ribbet, ribbet —from majestic lines in ancient epic poetry to simple, homey words like plop, splash , and murmur . In every language and time, the sound and look of some words have given clues to their meaning: their sound has suggested their sense.
The problem was solved simply by using an already standard character that had a similar sound to what the Viet called themselves.
A funny thing or two happened in the pronunciation key: the distinction is made between r as the symbol for the initial sound in rim and rr for the medial sound in marry . Although these are different sounds in many British English dialects, they are not only allophonic but in complementary distribution (that is, they never exchange places), hence do not need separate symbols.
I don't know where the -sh sound arose in nebbish , but in all eastern European dialects of Yiddish the word is nebbikh or nebbakh , with a velar fricative sound that is rendered as -sh by speakers who find that easier to pronounce.
American English removes the y- from the yu- sound when it turns new and duke into noo and dook.
To my ears, restores my soul with its - z sound in the middle of the alliteration is irritating and divisive, while the -th in restoreth my soul smoothly slides along, bringing the alliterative - s 's together, etherealizing the restoring and uniting it with my soul.
Hiccough has the sound of “cup.”
3. Combinations of sounds that ordinarily require movement from both lips and tongue are compromised so that all the work is done by only the lips or only the tongue.
How much easier for the tongue to splat itself against the palate and make a ch sound rather than make three more delicate maneuvers to form the sounds of a t , and an r , and a y .
The difference between the two ways of writing the “q” reflects a slight variation in pronunciation: “q” being an explosive kp sound, “\?
’ I found only one transcription to quarrel with: by showing \?\ as the symbol for the General American sound in both lot/odd and start/father , Wells leads one to conclude that General American (like RP) drops r -sounds in syllable-final position.
What I found was that the syllabics occurred only when the preceding sound was a dental or alveolar (d or t); when it was a velar (k or g), there was enough time for a speaker to release a sound which was more like a full schwa than a syllabic.
For example, the symbol “uh’ is shown in the key as representing schwa, yet throughout the book it is used to represent the vowel sound in English ball or raw (BUHbe `grandmother,' puhGRUHM `pogrom').
A concise, explanatory guide to the complex set of relations that link the sounds of language, or its written symbols, with the message they have to convey.
But even in the absence of visual clues, the very sounds of human speech are overflowing with many times the volume of data strictly required to convey the message.
When one of a hundred “sound peaks” is altered by an electrical pop or crackle, the sound of an E does not suddenly change to that of a U; it simply sounds like a “noisy E.” If, on the other hand, speech contained “just enough” data, but no more, then the alteration of just one peak (or bit) would change the sound (or character) entirely.
' The allusion could be to a hand slapping the loaf, thereby producing a deep, hollow, fartlike sound.
The qualities most frequently commented on, perhaps, are originality, uniqueness, and sound.
Perfect or true spoonerisms are correct in both sound and spelling when transposed.
Visual spoonerisms appear to be correct in written form, but transposition produces the wrong sound.
The only time I have heard the American word pronounced with the usual English, or for that matter Spanish, ch sound was in a perfume ad on TV.
Repeating a word or syllable or sound puts the least strain on the voice.
On the other hand, the V, au -sound, and x in Vauxhall are satisfactorily represented by the VOKS sequence so that the etymology given by Bryson appears to be preferable.
It is not made clear why the standard IPA transcriptions [ai] or [ai] was not used for the vowel sound in I, why, might , etc.: the NSOED shows /\?
Someone comes up with a spelling to approximate a sound, which someone else eventually reads, mispronounces, and thus turns into a new sound.
In fact, the amount of back-formed onomatopoeia devoted to sounds of human manufacture is astounding.
Much comic-book onomatopoeia comes from the fights of good guys versus bad guys, specifically the sound of fists against bodies.
In the same way, people often try to convey a drawn-out oh by writing oooooh , which should be another sound entirely, with the u of tube .
Block Island, awash in Rhode Island Sound, shares with Maine the term for double-ended vessels large or small.
When the vowel sound in the noun changed from long “u” to the same sound as in coarse , a need was evidently felt to have a spelling distinction so as to tell the two apart in print.
In his essay on Prudence he remarks, ...what is more lonesome than the sound of a whetstone or mower's rifle when it is too late in the season to make hay.
Then a more resigned sound came from within the group.
Not only is the lack of a vowel sound between the consonants unacceptable, but the l and r are pronounced in all their glory: FILLIM, CORREN, CHARREM.
Writing is a symbol of the sounds (Aristotle, Categories ).
Only 10 percent of the British speakers made this sound in this way; 90 percent of them used an articulation with the tip of the tongue behind the upper front teeth.
According to the great Danish linguist, Otto Jespersen, there are five theories to account for the origin of language: the bow-wow theory, in which speech imitated animal calls; the pooh-pooh theory, in which people made instinctive sounds through physical or emotional reactions; the dingdong theory, in which people reacted to the environment; the yo-he-ho theory, in which people spoke when working together; and the la-la theory, in which speech arose from the romantic side of life.
One band that typified this sound was Little Joe y La Familia (Little Joe and the family).
The recorder captured the sounds of loud thumps, crashes, shouts, and breaking glasses and plates.
This was followed by a second radio transmission, with sounds of screaming.
added to our understanding of the role of PSA testing on prostate cancer incidence rates by showing that first time PSA testing proportions, not the overall PSA proportion, track closely with prostate cancer incidence rates [ 20 ] . In a comparison of prostate cancer incidence rates among white men in five of the SEER areas (Detroit, Utah, Seattle-Puget Sound, Iowa, and Connecticut), Brawley showed that the rates were highest in Seattle from 1986 through 1991, but then highest in Utah from 1992 through 1994 [ 21 ] . In a consistent manner, the proportion of men receiving a first time PSA tended to be highest in Seattle in the earlier years but highest in Utah in the later years [ 20 ] . Because 76.
These could include hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
That is, increasing the level of external sounds within safe limits can help patients learn to pay less attention to their tinnitus.
Depending on test results and individual preferences, patients can increase the level of pleasant sounds in any environment by using hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
The currents are generated by Lorentz forces on moving ions produced by the oscillating sound wave.
Today, motor scooters often drown the sound of playing children, and mobile phones are heard far more frequently than the haunting cadences of the bazouki.
Sound and Light Shows: All the most impressive ancient sites in Egypt have a sound and light show, and it adds an extra theatrical dimension to your Egypt experience.
Anthony Quinn performs the syrtaki dance (in fact, an amalgam of several different traditional dances) to the sound of the bouzouki, a stringed-guitar instrument that produces melodic, slightly metallic sounds.
Village contests judge competitors on their most spectacular flying skills — height, dexterity, and the humming sound produced by the wind through the kite-head.
Today it forms the foreground for the seated part of the Sound and Light Show.
In the summer, you can enjoy the dazzling sound and light shows that are staged on Monday, Wednesday, and Saturday evenings.
This has some very realistic audio-visual re-enactments of eruptions and earthquakes, with special stereo sound effects.
You’re unlikely to see a boat coming in from another continent, but you are guaranteed the hustle, bustle, sights, smells, and sounds of one of the Olhão fish market, one of the Algarve’s best (the town is especially famous for its mussels and other shellfish).
The “Tongue of the Ocean,” especially where it narrows between Andros and New Providence, and Exuma Sound around Cat Island are well loved by the knowledgeable.
The ten-minute journey across the sound (courtesy of the Club Peace and Plenty hotel) takes you to an island of sublime beaches, underwater caves to dive in, and rocky inlets to explore by snorkel.
Children are fascinated by the sound of the drums and bagpipes and by the colorful uniforms.
It was never needed, as the fort never saw any action, and today the ramparts offer panoramic views of Great Sound.
A narrow bridge fords the gap between the sound and the open sea through Flatts Inlet.
Incidentally, the name “Devil’s Hole” derives from the sound of the seawater entering and leaving the hole, rather than from the fearsome reputation of some of its inhabitants.
The hunters lured the moose with a birchbark “horn” imitating the female call, and if that didn’t work, they poured water from a birchbark receptacle into a pond to reproduce the sound of the female urinating.
The Coastal Mountains come right down to the water’s edge of the narrow Howe Sound, some forming a little archipelago in the sea.
For a rare desert experience, climb to the top of a dune and listen to the musical — or thunderous — sound as the sand slides down.
Anthony Quinn performs the syrtáki dance (in fact an amalgam of several different traditional dances), to the sound of the bouzoúki, a stringed guitar-type instrument that produces melodic, slightly metallic sounds.
The fort’s vast interior courtyard now echoes with the sound of running children rather the marching of soldier’s boots, but one dormitory of the old barracks has been re-created, with bunks lining the walls and uniforms hung neatly on pegs.
By day it serves classic cantina fare, by night it clamors with the sound of conversation mixed with the best in contemporary recorded Mexican music.
As Sam Phillips, Elvis' first producer, said, "If I could find a white man who had the Negro sound and the Negro feel, I could make a billion dollars."
Merengue is terrific music, too, but when, half a century ago, Trujillo ordered that sound systems be set up to play it all over the Dominican Republic, it wasn't to "uplift" people but to render them passive.
As he cried out, the sound of his voice resonating created the earth, the sky, and the seasons.
But because the Net gets clogged and packets are waylaid, the sound quality is low and interruptions are common.
See "The Sound of One Hand Talking" for Slate 's take on Franklin and the panel.)
[but] is also working principally in bite-size slices of sound, sentiment and humor."
The Sound of Music
Theater -- The Sound of Music ;
Producer Daniel Lanois (Bob Dylan's Time Out of Mind ) is given credit for pushing Nelson's sound in unfamiliar directions.
The set turns on in an explosion of sound.
Just for the sound of it."
Will happens to have the Bible with him at the ABC sound stage , and intends to read the scriptural passage in question!
We've broken the sound barrier on land and in water, circled the globe by water and by air.
The city seemed on the verge of slipping into Puget Sound and disappearing forever.
What the prop didn't understand was that she was ruining his sound.
The camera and sound people blame producers who, when the competition comes up with a picture or soundbite you missed, don't want to hear excuses about how you didn't want to trample some old lady.
The more separate elements it contains (images, sound ...)
More troubling, from the perspective of the advertisers themselves: Watch a sneaker ad with the sound off.
If it's any consolation to Emmons, Hammerstein's very last lyric, "Edelweiss" from The Sound of Music , is invariably assumed to be a real Austrian folk song--indeed, a few years back, the White House went further, playing it at a state banquet for the Austrian president, under the impression that it was the country's national anthem.
Waking up to the sound of Ruth jumping rope late at night, Joseph heard "the soft, rhythmic thump of her bare feet on the floor, like the beating of a giant heart."
Long, luxurious smooches can end in a sound like planes of glass rubbing, or even in a cheep.
But does it necessarily follow that the instrument available to him on any given occasion produced the ideal sound he heard in his head?
In a recital at Carnegie Hall more than a year ago, he reached for that sound and, at one excruciating moment, lost control of his bowing and sent out a wild overtone, double the volume of his normal playing, like the feedback on an electric guitar, Hendrix-like, after all--the worst howler I've ever heard from a musician of first rank.
This new sound prefigured white, California cool jazz, but so had Billy Strayhorn's arrangements for Duke Ellington through the '40s, and so had Lester Young's diaphanous tenor saxophone playing with Count Basie even earlier.
In the revolutionary age of free jazz, with its joyful defiance of form and radical embrace of pure sound, the Davis quintet seemed just a bit too polished.
There are telltale characteristics, widely if not universally present: the replacement of an initial "th" with a "d" sound ("dis," "dem") and of a medial or final "th" by an "f" or other consonant sound ("with" becomes "wif," "brother" becomes "bruvah"); a reduction of consonant clusters in general (so that "first" becomes "firs" and "hand" becomes "han"); the replacement of a final "r" sound with a vowel sound ("summah" for "summer" and "mo" for "more"); the prevalence of so-called plosive consonants (making a word such as "bill" sound more like "beel"); the placement of stress on a first, rather than a second, syllable ("DEE-troit"); the disappearance of the final "s" from third-person singular verbs ("what go 'round, come 'round"); the dropping of the copula ("I here," "the coffee cold") and of certain tense inflections altogether.
West African languages, to give just one example, also tend not to make use of a "th" sound.
The sensual essence of the movies used to be the human face; now it's just light and sound.
It's the sound of genuine catharsis, of poison being expelled into the air, of bottomless anguish and joyous liberation.
This hiss, the noise level in her voice, like Glenn Gould's humming as he played the piano or the squeaking of Andrés Segovia's fingers on the strings of his guitar, makes her unusual today, when most singers are trained in the discipline of steely perfection and when our ears have become accustomed to the sharp-edged sounds of a compact disc, surrounded by undiluted digital silence.
to sing like the thrush from the deepest partof the understory, territorial,carnal, thorn-at-the-throat, or flutelikein order to make one sobering sound.
worrying sound working its way from his mouth that's not so much a mouthas a coin purse cinched tight, sewnwith the fragments of his lips--the yipping gait of breathlessness he makes, which makes no sense
The $750 million result: the triple-blade Mach 3. Its name means three times the speed of sound.
my pure sound, my undivided speechtravelling to the edge of this silence.As if to find me.
The frequency of a sound wave is defined by its length: The longer the wave, the deeper the bass.
Beck sheds the hip-hop style of his Grammy-winning album Odelay in favor of a more folk-influenced, melodic sound.
Using only the simplest cinematic means, Boorman achieves what Martin Scorsese needed whip-pans and zoom lenses and a cacophonous sound mix to do at the climax of GoodFellas (1990): He gives you the jittery and suffocating sense of the universe closing in.
"A sound and light show mocking the beliefs of Hindus, Buddhists, and Muslims."
With Microsoft Helpdesk assistance I figured out that my CD-ROM drive was probably connected to my sound card and not to the IDE port, and thus was foiling Linux.
Soon, they may do what a related device called the Audible can do, and actually read to you, either via sound files or text-to-voice software.
A boy from the university, track star goofing with his girl at river's edge, slips he falls in and she watches him carried away in silence, arms outstretched like wings, not a word or sound or sign of struggle:
BP Amoco owns 50 percent of Alyeska, the company that operates both the pipeline and the Valdez oil terminal near where the huge tanker Exxon Valdez crashed on a reef in 1989, spewing millions of gallons of heavy crude into Prince William Sound.
The flames are nearly a foot high, they arc out from underneath the black leather hood; there is smoke, the huge buzzing sound of the electricity, there are white walls and Venetian blinds and linoleum underfoot.
While they're fighting, they forgot to notice the audience is at American Pie . So it turns out that no matter who is right, the calcium doubters or the calcium advocates, that shattering sound you will hear as the 21 st century progresses will be America's bones.
A video replay of the speech, however, shows that the swish was the sound of a jump shot missing the rim altogether.
It can do just about anything with video, sound, or animation.
Then he heard her step through the forest, the sound Of the steps preceding her through the leaves Like the calling card of a doe approaching the water, Trying her footing across newly covered ground.
The best I can describe the process for me is that it resembles noodling on a piano: I run rhythms and sentences--or maybe not even sentences, the shapes of sentences--across one another, trying out their sounds, and sometimes I get a tune-like combination of sound and syntax that makes me want to go on, extend and refine it, as it comes to dredge sustenance from the great pool of feelings and ideas that accumulates in a life.
His peroration was "As they say, mount up and ride to the sound of the guns."
Try the Latin aloud, the way it was meant to be read, and the hollow thump of a horse's gallop is in the sound as well as the meaning of Virgil's words.
lowing Has no reference to height or the lack of it, but is the sound commonly made by Oliver Goldsmith's herd.
There is an unconfirmed story that Laredo , Texas, was named for the sounds made by the chimes in the Catholic church: la, re , and do . Another folk etymology has it that the Snake River was so named because it coiled back and forth so much.
Made has not the sound of bade,
Mono sound equipment brings back the days when the phonograph rested in the den instead of in the home entertainment center, when quadraphonic might have been a malapropism for something in The Phantom of the Opera . Other backwords involve longer journeys in time: straight razors were the only razors around until the emergence of safety razors, which have in turn ceded precedence to the injector-blade and finally the twin-blade.
When I woke it was the sound of the rocket exploding that announced the release of the bulls from the corrals at the edge of town.
4. Combinations of sounds requiring two or more consecutive tongue movements are distorted into one compromised sound.
[W]riting is not, and never was, a means of transcribing speech sounds, but is rather an instrument of visually representing language by means of relating visual signs in various different ways which are more or less faithful to the speech sounds of a given language at a given time.
When I worked on the setting up of the pronunciation system for the Random House dictionaries, I examined sound spectrograms of words that middle, total, sudden, servant, father, standard , etc., that some phoneticians transcribed using syllabic \?\, \?\, and \?\.
Some of the other examples Virginia Howard cites are simply misunderstandings of the sounds heard, something that inevitably occurs, especially among children and semi-literates, wherever words are spoken.
Granted, emcee is still more efficient than master of ceremonies , but the need for spelling out the sound of letters seems redundant, superfluous, and therefore useless.
GAELIC ENGLISH fraoch `tuted heather' (a)bhadain fraoch-an- `heath in which wind makes a buzzing sound' or `which crackles when being burnt' fraoch- `cracklng' or `screeching heather' sgriachain fraoch- `heather with a loud sound when burstin' spreadanach 
This seems all the more wasteful, considering that the only useful information being conveyed in our example is a single vowel sound.
When one of a hundred “sound peaks” is altered by an electrical pop or crackle, the sound of an E does not suddenly change to that of a U; it simply sounds like a “noisy E.” If, on the other hand, speech contained “just enough” data, but no more, then the alteration of just one peak (or bit) would change the sound (or character) entirely.
' A general comment on the treatment of the Welsh ch sound in English would have been useful, but I personally accept that theory.
' Although the editor mentions pronounceable acronyms in his Preface, users would be at a loss to determine that UN and R.A.F . are not pronounced but that R.A.D.A . (Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts “RAHdah”), UNICEF, U.N.C.L.E ., and Pan-Am are; worse, the showing of radar as RADAR (for `radio detecting and ranging') and sonar as SONAR (`sound navigation and ranging') is in outright error.
Dr. Spooner's proverbial half-warmed fish for half-formed wish has a totally different sound and meaning if written as “half-wormed fish,” requiring the spelling to be changed.
While the term form wooed has good sound, it loses its effectiveness because there is no real meaning in the phrase.
If Yiddish is the source of gunsel, someone will have to produce an etymon that is phonologically more likely than gendzl or, if that is indeed its etymon, explain the irregular sound change.
Badminton derives from the name of the estate in Gloucestershire where the game was first played in England; tennis stems from tenetz , an old form of tenez , from French tenir `to hold'; and squash , according to scholars, probably grew out of the “squashy” sound which the original soft ball made against the wall of the court.
They shock with sound, and not always with image.
One of the problems with existing names is that they can be misleading or ambiguous: Sound View Drive, for instance, has not afforded a view of the Sound since all those houses were built in the 1920s.
Nor is communication really disrupted even by those new, semiliterate Americanisms: communic ant , consult ant , defend ant; counsel or, elect or (al), jur or , where the schwa (as a in above, e in her ) has been replaced by broad (- ant ) or rounded (- or ) vowel sounds.
A Yiddish word similar in sound means one who goes around talking about the other fellow's business.
Onomatopoeia adds zest to language, from aagh! to zzz ..., but somewhere between print and enunciation, the exact equivalence between sound and sense can get lost.
When you become disgusted, the sound from your throat sounds like a gathering of phlegm, variously rendered as ugh, yuk , or Mad magazine's famous yecch —but often when people repeat those sounds, what comes out is ug, yuck , and even yetch .
The same is true of woof and bow-wow , though all dogs can be heard to approximate these sounds.
When sound recording was first invented, many people, remembering how the invention of printing had frozen grammar in its Renaissance forms, thought that recordings would do the same for the spoken language.
Also in Africa we find the curly-tailed \?\ and \?\ to indicate ingressive sounds.
The Introduction constitutes a brief but comprehensive course in pronunciation and a detailed description of the symbols used, both for English and for foreign pronunciations (like that of the Welsh ll -sound, the German ü-sound and ö-sound, etc.).
On the grounds of euphony, many would reject words beginning with p or containing a k -sound; on other grounds, there may be someone out there whose favorite word is kreplach.
In England before the 1600s, th in Hebrew and Classical words and names such as these was pronounced as plain t after the French fashion, as is still the case with Thomas: Tom and the other nicknames in this set are partly just phonetic spellings of the old sounds of the full names.
And although in some Mexican dialects the English sh sound has replaced ch , in standard Spanish the phoneme closest to English sh is the affricate ch, which therefore tends to replace sh in the perception of Hispanophones.
The organization is by sound types: Stops, Nasals and Nasalized Consonants, Fricatives, Laterals, Rhotics, Clicks, Vowels, and Multiple Articulatory Gestures, the last being combined sounds.
The more linguistically distinct the sounds of a patois, the more it can come to symbolize social distance.
Quite a different sound is made by the owl, whose name represents its familiar hoot, otherwise the final, longer note of its conventional call tu-whit tu-whoo .
Less well known is heteronym (same spelling, but different sound, e.g., sow meaning pig and sow meaning planting seeds).
School of Medicine researchers and physicians have: developed treatments that turned a 90 percent mortality rate for testicular cancer into a 90 percent cure rate; pioneered echocardiography, we use of sound waves for detecting heart disease; shared in developing "smart" pacemakers, which monitor heart rhythm and automatically shock the heart when it develops irregularities; founded the world's first DNA bank, preserving genetic material for future study and diagnosis; pinpointed the defective gene in Huntington's disease and one type of Alzheimer's disease; and spearheaded the use of many New treatments for critically ill children, including infant heart transplant and special therapies for cancer.
 . to achieve a highly innovative bimusical sound that combined a ranchera (country music) and jaitón (high class music) within the same piece.”
Presumably, heart sounds are not the causal consequences of the heart upon which natural selection has acted.
During the first broadcast, the captain or first officer could be heard declaring "Mayday" amid the sounds of a physical struggle in the cockpit.
With the sounds of the passenger counterattack continuing, the aircraft plowed into an empty field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, at 580 miles per hour, about 20 minutes' flying time from Washington, D.C.
These could include hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
There are numerous techniques and devices that can help patients to increase their exposure to safe and pleasant external sounds in order to decrease their awareness of tinnitus.
Depending on test results and individual preferences, patients can increase the level of pleasant sounds in any environment by using hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
Depending on test results and individual preferences, patients can increase the level of pleasant sounds in any environment by using hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
Moses died on the journey to the Promised Land, but Joshua took over from him, and between 1400 b.c. and 1000 b.c. the tribes of Israel conquered all the lands north and south of Jerusalem, most famously bringing the walls of Old Jericho tumbling down with the sounds of their horns.
The sound fades into the distance as the smoke from its muzzle dissipates into the clear air.
The mournful lament of the single pipe is a sound that is always associated with Scotland, and you will certainly hear it as you travel around the city.
For information on all Sound and Light shows Tel. (02) 386 3469; fax (02) 385 2880; web site <www.sound-light.egypt.com>.
Sound and Light Show
It could easily be seen by ships in the Firth of Forth and was a useful safeguard if prevailing winds carried the sound of the gunfire the wrong way.
Each evening, a sound and light show at the Red Fort tells its story; details can be obtained from the Tourist Information Bureau.
This is the place to wander and soak up the sights and sounds of Kyoto’s lone quarter still dedicated to traditional arts and entertainment.
More likely, though, the sobriquet refers to the sound of the continually moving waters, sloshing against a beautiful rock basin like sauces bubbling in a pan.
This area, reached by crossing Odós Rovertou Gali and walking up behind the Dionysus restaurant, offers splendid views across to the Acropolis (it’s the best place for afternoon overviews), and the Sound and Light Show auditorium is located here for this reason.
Over the millennia, an arched hole had been created here by the pounding of the waves of the Atlantic; known as the Glass Window, this opening made it possible for sailors on the Exuma Sound to see “through the island” to the Atlantic.
Others are far more exciting for divers, including Harrington Sound, the South Shore reef wall, and the wreck of the Vixen (just off Somerset Long Bay on Somerset Island).
The northernmost (called most appropriately Harbour Road) leads along the south shore of Hamilton Harbour, with views of the islands that lie scattered in Great Sound and make navigation into the cruise port so tricky.
Middle Road eventually reaches the village of Flatts at the edge of Harrington Sound.
Over 100 species of sea creatures live in tanks, including one 145,000-gallon tank whose water is regularly replaced by seawater from Harrington Sound.
Then drive up along Harrington Sound Road to reach the Causeway to St. George’s.
On summer evenings, a sound and light show illuminates the Parliament Buildings to present, alternately in English and French, a 30-minute history of Canada.
There is a guided tour that includes some memorable sound and light effects, evoking the menacing volcano most effectively.
Foghorns converse into the night, long after the sound of car horns and bike bells has ceased.
To enjoy the sounds of Portugal back home, take home a classic fado recording, perhaps by Amália Rodrigues or Carlos Paredes, or a disc of ethereal Portuguese pop by the Lisbon group Madredeus.
Along with beautifully performed folkloric dances from all over Mexico, you’ll witness a pre-Hispanic ceremony called Los Voladores de Papantla, which represents an invocation to the four cardinal points and a prayer for fertility; a floreador roping exhibition; and the vibrant sounds of the mariachi.
Yet when Blumenthal finally testified last Thursday, and then denounced Starr from the courthouse steps, NBC correspondent David "Excitable Boy" Bloom poisoned Blumenthal's sound bite by characterizing it in advance as a "tirade."...
And you're right about how easy it is to get caught up in the sound and supply your own meanings.
As sound bites go, this was just about perfect, a tiny dagger pitched into Gore's sternum.
When you consider that Japan is also the center of something called the Osaka Noise Scene, a sort of hardcore punk based solely on feedback and industrial sounds played at screeching, distorted levels, you get a situation where the tie-wearing salarymen (a great word) are listening to seven-second music on the platform and the punk kids are listening in bars to extended hour-long jams that sound exactly like a screeching, out-of-control train.
And I remain confident that most people, most of the time, can see beyond the sound bites to appreciate leaders who try to do the right things for the right reasons.
How did it change once music videos made a band's appearance more important than its sound?
Canned as it probably was, this was a wicked sound bite.
At some point during most (perhaps all) of the shows on that tour, the band would, in the middle of a song, begin playing two notes and just continue playing them over and over for close to 20 minutes, with the sound gradually getting louder, until, as a friend of mine put it then, it sounded like you were in an airplane hangar.
Hip-hop also influences the burgeoning field of electronic pop , which ranges from pounding dance music that is little more than rhythm to quietly rippling music that's only slightly removed from New Age sound.
Barney Frank, D-Mass., will "log some of the best sound bites," while Rep.
Dissenting, Rolling Stone 's David Wild forgives the album's faults: It "captures the sound of a man trying to tame hell-hounds from within."
The most irksome aspects of Disney's $140 million spectacle: its jingoism, ear-splitting sound effects, trite one-liners, and unlikely premise--the planet's fate rests with redneck oil drillers.
His sound bite: "This was not a murder case.
; for sound only
The narrator tells us that "everyone is singing to the sound of Diet Coke," and invites us to win CDs and trips to the Grammies by checking the bottom of the bottle cap.
The official sound bite of the weekend--offered up by Clinton and by National Security Adviser Sandy Berger (on CNN's Late Edition ) and aped by the heads--was that this confrontation pits Iraq against the world, not Iraq against the United States.
They would have fired him several weeks ago: The entire pundit establishment is, of course, pleased that William Ginsburg will no longer haunt Washington offices and sound stages.
The sound of young conservatives baying for DNA has subsided.
Other revolutionaries have courted the press: Castro practically lives for sound bites, and the Zapatistas are better at planning press conferences than battles.
If you missed Heston's NRA sound bite, click . You can read some of his ornery comments about political correctness .
I imagine Clark waking to the sound of skyspatter on the morning of Nov. 16 and thinking: "I can't believe this shit."
RealAudio has not yet perfected sound recordings from beyond the grave, so poems by dead poets will be read by Pinsky himself rather than by the author.
It might be a straightforward rundown of the facts and arguments in a controversy that has been clouded by strong passions and flying sound bites.
Not a bad sound bite.
"Sound becomes so critical," Zirinsky says.
The contents of a Web site are stored on high-performance computers called servers . When you type a Web address into your browser, or click on a link or a "favorites" or "bookmark" button, you are telling your computer to fetch a specific set of data--text, images, sound, etc.--from some Web site's server.
I have found that when the incoming music is routed through my stereo, I get excellent sound.
The most melodically interesting track is the exhibitionist provocation of ""--a love letter to his gun--and it soon dawns on you that that's only because he's swiped the tune from Stevie Wonder's "." Otherwise, most of the creative energy seems to have gone not into the music, but into the dialogue and sound effects that precede and increasingly disrupt the songs.
You're trying to capture something as elusive as a sound, which suggests a word, from which eventually a complete lyric emerges."
Anointing Miss Manners a deep-thinking critic of 1960s liberation and license, he made her sound like a fellow Tory pundit, only in taffeta: Her quill quivered on behalf of the same neat, elite Western standards that he with his fountain pen defended on the editorial page.
He chooses the sounds with great care.
year after year went by to the sound of his typing but without a word from his typewriter appearing in the magazine.
Keyboard music poses the question in its starkest terms: Was the 19 th -century concert grand developed in response to the music being composed by Beethoven and his contemporaries, in order to realize its potential more fully, or was the Romantic style of keyboard writing itself a response to the sound of these new instruments?
The of his performances that I have heard do not capture the full strangeness in this sound.
From Jules and Jim there are the plucked, fragrant melodies that stop brilliantly short of cloying, the spasm of frantic neo-Baroque fiddling from Day for Night , and the tangy sounds of an out-of-tune barroom upright from Shoot the Piano Player . In these eclectic sketches--which capture an image but have no emotional arc of their own--the irony of this project comes into focus: the contradiction of championing film music by cleaving it from film.
It's Jefferson Airplane's "White Rabbit," with its flamenco rhythm and cavernous studio sound.
There are telltale characteristics, widely if not universally present: the replacement of an initial "th" with a "d" sound ("dis," "dem") and of a medial or final "th" by an "f" or other consonant sound ("with" becomes "wif," "brother" becomes "bruvah"); a reduction of consonant clusters in general (so that "first" becomes "firs" and "hand" becomes "han"); the replacement of a final "r" sound with a vowel sound ("summah" for "summer" and "mo" for "more"); the prevalence of so-called plosive consonants (making a word such as "bill" sound more like "beel"); the placement of stress on a first, rather than a second, syllable ("DEE-troit"); the disappearance of the final "s" from third-person singular verbs ("what go 'round, come 'round"); the dropping of the copula ("I here," "the coffee cold") and of certain tense inflections altogether.
There are telltale characteristics, widely if not universally present: the replacement of an initial "th" with a "d" sound ("dis," "dem") and of a medial or final "th" by an "f" or other consonant sound ("with" becomes "wif," "brother" becomes "bruvah"); a reduction of consonant clusters in general (so that "first" becomes "firs" and "hand" becomes "han"); the replacement of a final "r" sound with a vowel sound ("summah" for "summer" and "mo" for "more"); the prevalence of so-called plosive consonants (making a word such as "bill" sound more like "beel"); the placement of stress on a first, rather than a second, syllable ("DEE-troit"); the disappearance of the final "s" from third-person singular verbs ("what go 'round, come 'round"); the dropping of the copula ("I here," "the coffee cold") and of certain tense inflections altogether.
It was reported that Leigh's own father, Vic Morrow, inexplicably slighted her in his will, and you can't hear that sound in Washington Square without knowing in your bones where it came from.
But Brain Opera is swamped by the sound of Whatever, of Nothing in Particular.
The atmosphere of civic pride and civic hypocrisy, the mingled air of awe and contempt toward governmental institutions, rings not the bell of cliché but many eerie tintinnabulations: the gongs and chimes of public life, the distinct sounds of what we say, what we know we mean and what we don't know we mean.
The conversation in his poem is so convincingly real yet the poetry so gorgeous in its sounds that I always feel a little shocked to realize how sad the resolution actually is.
It plays a note, then a second note, and finally an insistent three-note chord with a sound somewhere between a train whistle and the Canadian Brass.
Who and what influenced The Sound ? James Joyce and Ulysses ? Can only a Southerner truly appreciate Faulkner's settings?
"Raimundo Silva bent over, turned on the sound, Leonard Cohen made a gesture as if to thank him, now he could sing, and sing he did, he sang of things only someone who has lived can sing of, and asks himself how much and for what, someone who has loved and asks himself who and why, and, having asked all these questions, he can find no answer, not one, contrary to the belief that all the answers are there and that all we have to do is to learn how to phrase our questions."
How do these radios eke such relatively big sounds out of such small boxes?
His Bose 901 loudspeakers, the company's premium line for 30 years, have nine speaker cones, positioned all over the cabinet, so that the sound bounces around your room "just like in a concert hall."
A common complaint is that the sound of the big five American symphonies--New York, Philadelphia, Boston, Cleveland, and Chicago--while still of extremely high quality, is more and more homogenized.
The senator was complaining about the very thing Plotz has now done: getting a sound bite from a senator relieving himself.
It's sound bite heaven for President Clinton's legal team, as all three papers' leads include the White House's characterization of the Starr investigation as a "hit-and-run smear campaign."
She says it lacks sourcing and attribution, "reverberates with the cloying sound of the talk-show confessional," and has a "propensity for Gothic melodrama and romance-novel prose."
First the roar of tanks coming down the valleys, then the sound of whistles being blown and the firing of automatic weapons, as the villages and hamlets that dot southern Kosovo ...
For every Bill Clinton who springs from his mother's womb wearing a blue suit and speaking in sound bites, there are scores of awkward, ambitious Rotarians needing guidance.
Sound familiar?
A fast car with a big noisy engine and a bone-crushing CD sound system.
"Liven up a crowd, or a Klan rally in the senator's case, with the smooth, lilting sound of a banjo."
"A trumpet will sound and John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. will rise out of the Sound, clothed in pure white, shining like the sun, surrounded by the hosts of heaven."
Bruce Willis' damaged child psychologist wanders through an autumnal universe from which the warmth has been bleached (the pale yet deep-toned cinematography is by Tak Fujimoto), social intercourse is vaporous, and sounds seem piped in from another dimension.
But before too much redistributive social policy gets made around such results, it might be good to add a question to the survey: "Do you have a luxury sound system or a car less than two years old, or a luxury sound system in that car?"
It has a motor, internal speakers, a computer chip, a light sensor, a sound sensor, and touch sensors, so in addition to old-hat tricks like blinking and "dancing," Furby knows whether you're in the room and will talk, sing, and generally act cute.
It is quite firm about the r -sound when it follows a vowel-sound or is at the ends of words, not dropping it as is usual with the RP but insisting that it be given full value, in various ways, as it is in Scots and Irish and, generally but not always, in the speech of most Americans except for those in New England and the South.
noisome Has nothing to do with sound or decibel level, but means simply unpleasant or disgusting.
For instance, in English the name of the Russian composer is usually spelled Tchaikovsky and sometimes as Tschaikovsky or Tschaikowsky where three or four English letters are used to represent a sound represented by a single Russian letter and more normally by only two in English, ch . The name Chaliapin was first transliterated into a French spelling Chaliapine ; later, when most of the family moved to the United States, the e was dropped to Anglicize the spelling.
For wrestling, or what is loosely called wrestling in the United States and Latin America, the people of the Southern Cone of South America went to the English catch-as-catchcan . If you are familiar with the difficulty Spanish speakers have with dentals and fricatives when these are not separated by vowels, you can understand that the task of producing a string of sounds like that tends to stop a conversation, if not the speaker.
English speakers who used the charts read mar as mare `female horse,' which was later generalized to horse . Another possibility is that the origin was French golfe de la mer or latitude de la mer , French mer being quite close in sound to English mare , which was later generalized to horse . A third possibility is that the waters were populated by manatees, which might have been likened to horses, not too farfetched a suggestion when one considers that sailors are said to have imagined them to be mermaids.
As a speaker of AE sojourning for several months each year in Britain during the past twenty years, I have been struck by the creeping changes I have perceived in the RP pronunciation of some ordinary words (controversy, disciplinary) and of proper names: news-readers on BBC Radio 4 and World Service tend to stress Afghanistan and Khomeini on the last syllable where formerly one heard it stressed on the sound.
' However, Stimson and others have pointed out that Chinese phonology does change with time and that the Old Mandarin pronunciation for `country' had a final “k” sound unlike modern Chinese as now spoken on Taiwan and the mainland.
I won't bother going into the conversation that ensued; suffice it to say that acoustic guitars are simply the non-electric type and derive their sound from the acoustics of the instrument itself.
He offered the wine-skin to Bill and to me, and when I tipped it up to drink he imitated the sound of a klaxon motor-horn so well and so suddenly that I spilled some of the wine, and everybody laughed.
4. Combinations of sounds requiring two or more consecutive tongue movements are distorted into one compromised sound.
Substitution of sounds, syntax, or meaning also occurs in many epigrams.
\” being a voiced gb sound.
Moreover, most American dictionaries make a deliberate distinction between the sounds in odd/lot and start/father , with the former often displaying some rounding or, at worst, closer to \?\ than to \?\.
Not far from where I grew up in the English Midlands there were villages in which “air’ sounds were regularly replaced by “err.
GAELIC ENGLISH fraoch `tuted heather' (a)bhadain fraoch-an- `heath in which wind makes a buzzing sound' or `which crackles when being burnt' fraoch- `cracklng' or `screeching heather' sgriachain fraoch- `heather with a loud sound when burstin' spreadanach 
Examining a graph of a simple speech component, such as the sound of a vowel, one sees a complex pattern of superimposed waves, having myriad peaks and valleys.
When one of a hundred “sound peaks” is altered by an electrical pop or crackle, the sound of an E does not suddenly change to that of a U; it simply sounds like a “noisy E.” If, on the other hand, speech contained “just enough” data, but no more, then the alteration of just one peak (or bit) would change the sound (or character) entirely.
Such oddities emanate largely from Tories who are midway through performing their own plastic surgery on their vowel sounds.
growly sort of chirping sound?”
' Or sin ton no son `without tone or sound'=`without rhyme or reason.
Sound, spelling, meaning, and humor all combine to make great spoonerisms.
Farm does not rhyme with warm, and the sound of wood differs greatly from food.
Since this English word has no association with guns, it is not possible that English gun triggered (as some have suggested) an irregular sound change, resulting in an English vowel which the Yiddish one would not otherwise have yielded.
By initiating his glossolalic cant with beth -element words ( feemalator, wamalama ) and continuing with palatal variations on their respective themes ( jasperator, gamanama ) the boy is apparently responding to the same primal urge that motivated the anonymous creators of our alphabet to begin their artificial series of sounds with aleph, beth, gimel , and daleth --and not with something like zis boom bah!
For the French, in all walks of life, to render one sound for another is not a slip but an art, practised equally studiously in bistros as well as in the salons of nobles, academicians, and beautiful people.
One of the problems with existing names is that they can be misleading or ambiguous: Sound View Drive, for instance, has not afforded a view of the Sound since all those houses were built in the 1920s.
The victim is murdered, the funeral is attended , confides another, the grisly humor continuing in The sound of footsteps does not disturb the severed head .
Someone comes up with a spelling to approximate a sound, which someone else eventually reads, mispronounces, and thus turns into a new sound.
But these sounds are meant to be said in haste and slurred slightly, so that whew comes across as a half-whistled expulsion of breath, not a precise word with the wh of what and the ew of ewer .
Bloosh , spotted in both X-Men and Superman , is the sound a body makes when hitting the water and sinking.
Or maybe some sounds will never have absolute phonetic accuracy bestowed on them, as in ring —or is it rrring , or some other sound altogether?
Several languages of Southern Africa employ familiar non-alphabetic symbols, like ! and # to indicate the unusual click sounds.
When the vowel sound in the noun changed from long “u” to the same sound as in coarse , a need was evidently felt to have a spelling distinction so as to tell the two apart in print.
The sound of snoring is due to vibration of the soft palate and the vulva at the back of the throat.
My aim was to capture the sound of today's Serbian slang for the English-speaking reader.
In the Romance languages spawned by Latin, h has all but disappeared as a symbol of sound value.
8. knap a yack--knap is a cheating throw at dice, and yack is the sound of finger beating on the forehead; it means cheating dice.
It derives its name from one of its sounds, which greatly resembles the modulation of an intriguing boar cat.
One is moved to enquire how the sound is articulated by speakers of other English dialects or in other regions (New England, for example), but the book does not go into that much detail.
Neither fitter (in this sense) nor flugens appears in any readily available American dialect reference, nor do they appear to be related to German words of similar sound.
Its own name is equally imitative, not of its voice but of the sharp whirring sound made by its wings when it suddenly flies up.
English already has several well known -onym words (from the Greek onyma meaning name), such as synonym (same meaning), antonym (opposite meaning), and homonym (same sound).
Could we finitely specify the list, “If I were to enter the room, I would have the following sense data; and if one who is red-green colorblind were to enter the room he or she would have the following sense data; and if the rocker were to be on a soft rug, the sounds that would be heard by one who is A-flat tone deaf would   .
The sounds of fighting continued outside the cockpit.
We have relied on a mix of common sense, the sound of the name in Arabic, and common usage in source materials, the press, or government documents.
The formal musical rhythm, which results when repeatedly playing a pattern, does not depend on the entry point chosen (rotation) or on the type of the sounds played (permutation).
These could include hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
• Increased exposure to external sounds over time could contribute to reorganizations of neural pathways responsible for tinnitus generation and perception.
Depending on test results and individual preferences, patients can increase the level of pleasant sounds in any environment by using hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
He would later tell a New York Law Journal reporter of the "deafening, thunderous, whistling noise that was like a missile - a sound I never hope to hear again."
A tattoo is a highly polished show of military marching, pageantry, mock battles, and horsemanship, accompanied by the sounds of pipe-and-drum bands from around the world.
The Aswan sound and light show takes place at Philae Temple some 20 minutes away.
Hong Kong has a vast range of the most high-tech audio-visual, sound, and screen equipment.
This is also the site of Waverley Station, and the sound of arriving trains can be heard as background noise throughout the day.
Philae has one of the most evocative sound and light shows in Egypt, so do try and make time to return in the evening to see it .
From the home of Cardinal Ippolito d’Este, guests can look down at the terraced gardens, the real reason for Tivoli’s fame and your visit: alleys of cypresses and soaring fountains (500 in all, including Bernini’s Bicchierone), grottoes, waterfalls, reflecting pools, and everywhere the cool sound of rushing water.
In the colonial days, the sound of a cricket bat’s willow would have been heard as the afternoon’s sun-rays stretched across the field.
Sound and Light Show: The history of the Acropolis is brought to life through dancing lights and an informative narration, and the surrounding darkness really allows you to study the beauty of the Parthenon.
As you walk down the street you’ll hear the sounds of daily activity floating through the open windows, occasionally a radio station with news, or maybe evangelical songs.
The sound of music in Bali can be the hypnotic tones of the gamelan orchestra, or the alluring call of the disco beat at Kuta or Legian, where the action begins at midnight and lasts until dawn.
Northwest of the city of Hamilton, in Pembroke Parish, lies a small area of land reaching out into the mouth of Great Sound.
Two of the world’s finest golf courses nestle against Harrington Sound, a large caldera now filled with tidal seawater.
On the far side of the bridge that spans the entrance to Harrington Sound is the Bermuda Aquarium, Natural History Museum, and Zoo (bus routes #3, #10, and #11).
To get across Castle Harbour to St. George’s, you must go north here, taking Paynter’s Road to Harrington Sound.
You can man the controls of a space vehicle for a simulated moon-landing, broadcast your voice clear around the world through a parabolic sound reflector, or find out what goes on off-camera in a fully equipped TV studio.
In its lovely mountain setting on the Cumberland Sound, this peaceful Inuit town is a good place to buy Inuit carvings — and to start your viewing of harbor seals and the elusive beluga whales.
This is the same sound Marco Polo heard when he passed this way on his own camel caravan 700 years ago.
The sound of post-war prosperity was the blast of steam whistles on the river.
You may also catch the sound of jingling bells signaling that the local ice-cream seller is around.
