Their one common goal: they all want to work.
Like Michael, they share two common characteristics.
But autonomous agents, we who do daily manipulate the world on our own behalf, we to whom "intentionality" and "purpose" are so inevitably attributed by our common languages, we are, by my definition of autonomous agents, also nothing but physical systems with a peculiar organization of processes and properties.
I too know the risks, including the common claim that we can always in principle translate from "intentional talk" to the fully predictive causal account of the events in question.
Jesus was put on trial quickly and condemned to crucifixion, a Roman form of execution for political and religious dissidents as well as for common criminals.
Two of the more common examples of British-American divergence of usage are screw and knock up .
My theory is that the “r” got put in there simply because muskrat is a more common word than muscat . It is the same reason most of us, I assume, have heard, “He's in the hospital with prostrate trouble.”
Prostrate is a more common word that prostate , so prostrate is what we get.
Linguists examining Classical Greek, Latin, German, English, Slavic, Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, Dutch, Lithuanian, Iranian, Hindi, and the other languages of India and Europe found that there were correspondences among many of the common words.
Some, like French, Spanish, Italian, and Portuguese, had more in common with one another than they did with, say, German, English, Swedish, Danish, and Dutch, which, in turn, bore only a remote resemblance to Russian and Polish, on the one hand, and the two extant varieties of, say, Gaelic, on the other.
Anybody who asks “Why a brass monkey?” is probably not aware that brass monkeys were very common household ornaments in England in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The effect size is the difference in mean YOL (or YHL) in two groups divided by their common standard deviation.
For example, underweight women averaged 4.50 YHL compared to 4.92 for normal women, and the common standard deviation was 1.44.
For these SS patients studied, abnormal LFTs were more common than any other potential non-exocrine features of SS.
In this group of Sjögren's patients seen at a tertiary care center, abnormal liver function tests were found to be a common non-exocrine feature of 1°SS.
This is a common technique, but because conservative readers are not familiar with the basics of filmmaking, they believe critics who claim that he is "distorting" the interview.
Common behaviors will include a forward cruise and turning mechanism, procedures to determine the orientation towards nest and the distance from the nest when outside, in-nest navigation, an escape function for when objects are detected or bumped into, object identification and gripping, a generic algorithm for pheromone plume and chemical trail following, and the identification of other ants.
The final common subroutine will be one for the identification of other ants.
Using these basic common behaviors, more complex behaviors may be coded.
The oral nature of jurisprudence directly conflicts with the desire of the Colombian government to codify law, and questions of human rights violations are common as punishments are often corporal in nature (Gow and Rappaport 2002: 57-58).
Stories like Astro’s are all too common.
In a world where cruelty is common, animals like Sammy and Astro desperately need friends like you.
While we know from his writings that he often composed with a tonal centers and relationships in mind, and that he regularly applied tonal structures and forms to his compositions, by merely glancing at any one of his pieces we can see that tonality as it is understood in the common practice period is not at work.
Both benzodiazepine and non-benzodiazepine drugs have been shown to be effective in the first case; for the latter, the most common solution is to consume more coffee [PDF].
Therefore, the change from one type of channel pattern to another may be relatively common, as the nature of the sediment moved through the system changes and this may be the effect of tributary sediment contributions, or upstream degradation or aggradation or tectonics.
As a result a shift from ‘bounded’ careers – prescribed by relatively stable organisational and occupational structures – to ‘boundaryless’ careers – where uncertainty and flexibility are the order of the day – is increasingly common.
Despite fierce inter-firm competition, open information exchange is common practice among the region’s producers.
In this respect careers in the Silicon Valley and the film industry have much in common, with organising in film-making resembling a ‘project-based’ Valley.
The simple exchange of commitment to do one’s best in return for learning opportunities may be a common one in contemporary employment, and one that inspires many workers to seek new employment pastures when their learning slows down (Arthur, Inkson & Pringle, 1999).
By the mid 1900s, psychotherapy became the most common “cure,” and many homosexuals spent countless hours being analyzed in hopes of changing their sexual preference (Dudley 125).
It stated, rather that homosexuality was merely a difference in the opinion and values of the common person, but must still be respected as an individual orientation, and thus treated as one (Resolution on Appropriate Therapeutic Responses to Sexual Orientation).
Q: What is the most common pregnancy craving?
The Facts Of Life * The 2 most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
, of course, the original statute was replacing a bunch of State statutes or State rules, partly common law, partly statutory, that -- they had kind of a mixed up legal situation, and there was an interest in having one uniform rule for the first time around. Well
, there was an interest in having a uniform rule, and that's precisely why the Framers created the Copyright Clause in the Constitution, but there was copyright protection in some States, there wasn't copyright protection in other States, and what we know from the decision of this Court in the Wheaton decision is that there was not a common law copyright in existence. Thi
other thing, as this Court has said, there is no implied abrogation of common law rights which would be a doctrine which would be inconsistent with what the petitioner is arguing. Now
Can we agree on some common network services/model for character set handling?
Can we use UCS as a common denominator for that?
Do we need to differentiate or specify how tagged data (i.e the field typ e in a data base)and how "serialized byte order" data are treated in a communication protocol or will some common specification for the tag and the type be sufficient?
Networking has had for long the problem of a common representation of computer-specific data (numbers, bit strings...
The _most_important_point_ is that a single common representation code be defined _for_the_line_ (suiting the purpose, namely to cover all national languages in one single way) and that people be instructed that every bit of text should travel in that code on the wire, whatever_the_protocol_is.
Meaning that common tools be available to translate present local code).
This doesn't require any special markup, although the ability to give the same name to common subexpressions will depend on the ability to recognize that these subexpressions are in fact semantically identical.
In addition to distracting sexuality, the irregular characterization of Madame White Snake might be another trait her character has in common with the archetypical noir femme fatale.
"Yeah, I do," said Johnson, who has a full head of gray hair in common with the comedian-turned-playwright.
With so much regional tension, it became very hard for workers to unite under a common cause, even one that would save their jobs and their futures.
It was not located near the main entrance, as was common practice, but on an upper floor, above the book stacks.
The focus of the main floor is a glass-roofed conservatory, a common nineteenth-century feature.
Hotels without WiFi are all too disturbingly common.
Pedicabs were once the most common form of transportation in Macau, but today they are mainly a tourist attraction.
Italian chemical giant Montedison S.p. A., through its Montedison Acquisition N.V. indirect unit, began its $37-a-share tender offer for all the common shares outstanding of Erbamont N.V., a maker of pharmaceuticals incorporated in the Netherlands
Montedison currently owns about 72% of Erbamont's common shares outstanding.
Under the offer, shareholders will receive one right for each 105 common shares owned.
Each right entitles the shareholder to buy $100 face amount of 13.5% bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share.
Intelogic Trace Inc., San Antonio, Texas, said it bought 2.7 million shares, or about 18%, of its common stock from an unaffiliated shareholder for $3.625 a share, or $9.9 million.
Dow Jones & Co. said it extended its $18-a-share offer for Telerate Inc. common stock until 5 p.m. EST Nov. 9.
Dow Jones, which owns about 64 million of Telerate's 95 million common shares outstanding, said that about 24,000 shares have been tendered under its offer.
1% of Dunkin' common shares, on a fully diluted basis, being tendered and on the withdrawal of the company's poison pill rights plan.
Heritage, which owns 51% of POP's 3.6 million shares outstanding, said it will exchange one share of a new preferred stock for each POP common share it doesn't already own.
The preferred stock, which would have a dividend rate of $1.76 a year, would be convertible into Heritage common at a rate of four common shares for each preferred.
The preferred stock, which would have a dividend rate of $1.76 a year, would be convertible into Heritage common at a rate of four common shares for each preferred.
Meridian National Corp. said it sold 750,000 shares of its common stock to the McAlpine family interests, for $1 million, or $1.35 a share.
That amount is convertible into shares of Meridian common stock at $2 a share during its one-year term.
Coleco Industries Inc., a once high-flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $65 a share in the early 1980s, filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders.
After these payments, about $225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding.
Sony Corp. completed its tender offer for Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc., with Columbia shareholders tendering 99.3% of all common shares outstanding by the Tuesday deadline.
Three things Hill earns praise for: 1) eschewing the heavy production and packaging common in R&B and hip-hop; 2) writing and producing the album herself; 3) a high quotient of live instrumentation and improvisation.
Bonito, amberjack, barracuda, and shark can be caught in these waters all year; huge sailfish, tuna, and several species of marlin are most common between March and June; and in the winter months shoals of grouper and jewfish abound.
Delays are common in American medicine [ 49 ] , even in urgent situations such as treatment of life-threatening laboratory abnormalities [ 50 ] . Although we do not know the causes of delays in antibiotic initiation, they appeared more common in some institutions than in others.
establish confidential ways for organizations to share sensitive information about common problems and best practices for dealing with security threats,
Spontaneous rupture of the spleen is well described in many diseases, of which malaria is the most common [ 10, 11].
In some cases, transcription factors may bind cooperatively to adjacent DNA sites via direct physical interaction [ 3 4 ] . In other cases, multiple transcription factors that bind independently may recruit a common co-activator [ 5 ] , or may act independently of one another to alter gene expression in response to distinct cellular cues [ 6 ] . Recent studies have also suggested that nearby transcription factors may collaboratively compete with nucleosomes, thus enhancing the binding of individual transcription factors [ 7 8 ] . Many experiments in yeast have shown that specific pairs of factors must be bound near each other for multifactorial regulation to occur [ 7 8 9 10 ] , and it is on these spatial constraints that we focus here.
We found that methylation of HIC1 , APC , and BRACA1 genes was more common in AC while CDH1 promoter methylation was seen only in SCC.
Thus I met any number of expressions which I could work out, given their contexts, and which have in common both a valiant attempt to use English and an unfamiliarity with idiom.
.” fails to take account of the common expression, What ails you/ him/her/it/them?
None of these genes was common to all time points.
Another closely related word also found in Santamaria is pichilingui, which is a common word for pato silvestre (wild duck), which is found in lakes in the interior of Mexico.
In order to understand regulatory networks of genes, it is useful to generalize from a few genes or modules with common functions to new candidates.
A problem common to all programs was the untimely closure of cases, although again the extent of the problem in any particular program varied from under 4 percent in one program to over 30 percent in another.
A common complaint about Slate--and, indeed, about Webzines in general--is that we don't write enough about castration.
Homozygotes will be predominantly resistant if R alleles are common and have little diversity and sensitive when S alleles are common and have little diversity.
On the wing single and double mutant combinations of in and fy result in a similar phenotype [ 5 ] . This lack of additivity has been interpreted as evidence that these genes function and are required in a common process.
fiscal year 2001 are structured around common performance elements- service delivery, organizational support/teamwork, leadership development, external relations, and workplace responsibilities.
"High expectations" are common at Cathedral, and we prepare for the year 2000 with very high expectations for our students, our faculty, our administrators, our board of directors and all of those who express their allegiance to the school.
Craven does good work with the young actors in the classroom scenes, but the film has a reticence common to most biopics and a mushy, TV-movie humanism that blands out its texture.
Further, this implies that putative Ch6p alleles associated with CVID or IgGSD susceptibility occur on many HLA haplotypes that are common in Caucasians in central Alabama [ 10 ] and in Caucasians from a large national bone marrow donor program [ 14 ] . The present observations also confirm and extend the reports of association of HLA haplotype A*01-B*08 (or an extended haplotype containing A*01 and B*08) with heritable forms of immunoglobulin deficiency demonstrated in family-based analyses [ 3 6 19 20 21 22 ] . It is likely that a candidate gene(s) for CVID or IgGSD exists in the HLA class II region, [ 6 19 20 21 22 23 ] . Because the class II region is closer to the HLA-B locus than to the HLA-A locus, it is plausible that candidate gene(s) for CVID or IgGSD in the class II region are in greater linkage disequilibrium with HLA-B than HLA-A.
Although the Kurds consider themselves a nation, they share neither a common language nor a common religion.
We found no evidence that, at this critical time, NORAD's top commanders, in Florida or Cheyenne Mountain, coordinated with their counterparts at FAA headquarters to improve awareness and organize a common response.
For example, the mesophilic euryarchaeon Halobacterium sp. has more genes in common with the mesophilic Bacteria than does the thermophilic crenarchaeote Aeropyrum pernix . However, the extremophilic euryarcheote Archaeoglobus fulgidus shares many more genes with the extremophilic bacteria, Aquifex aeolicus and Thermotoga maritima than does Halobacterium . While this example illustrates the web-like relationships among genomes, recent phylogenetic reconstructions from molecular data have explored only few alternatives to the tree-paradigm (e.g.
As it happens, many wonderful terms for empty or hypocritical talk are by now quaint and archaic ( humbuggery , Pharisaism , Tartuffery ), and some of the most common terms are simply vulgar ( bullshit ).
An addition to the whole style common to Chicanos was a particular haircut, long with a ducktail and a wide-brimmed hat.
Here is a commonsense style book, useful to those who have the education and common sense to be in doubt about questions of English usage.
There are also moderates who believe, with some common sense, that these ideas are true up to a point.
Critics revel in his elegant deflation of bunk theories, finding in his work "qualities in increasingly short supply in academic circles: old-fashioned moral rigor and plain old common sense" (Michiko Kakutani, the New York Times ). Some regret that Rosenbaum does not proffer his own theory clarifying the mysterious origins of Hitler's evil.
