Their complaint: the system discourages working because unemployment provides benefits that many entry-level jobs don't include.
A time for a youngster to enjoy the fun and benefits of residential camp living, dedicated staff and instruction, and a chance to make special friends.
Records indicate that 531 were deported, 162 were released on bond, 24 received some kind of immigration benefits, 12 had their proceedings terminated, and 8-one of whom was Moussaoui-were remanded to the custody of the U.S.
In response to a request about the counterterrorism benefits of the 9/11 detainee program, the Justice Department cited six individuals on the special interest detainee list, noting that two (including Moussaoui) were linked directly to a terrorist organization and that it had obtained new leads helpful to the investigation of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
Since this time, membership has been of great monetary benefit to the country.
Whether lipid-lowering therapy would provide incremental benefit if initiated immediately following an acute coronary syndrome is an important issue as the risk of a recurrent adverse cardiac events is much greater in patients with unstable coronary disease than in the stable setting.
Although lipid-lowering therapy was associated with a significantly lower mortality when initiated early after an acute coronary syndrome in two large observational studies [ 6 7 ] , MIRACL was the first randomized trial to suggest that statins confer clinical benefits in this setting.
It was also the first trial to identify a short-term (ie, within 16 weeks) clinical benefit from statin therapy; in previous secondary prevention trials, the benefit of statin therapy was not evident for one to two years.
It was also the first trial to identify a short-term (ie, within 16 weeks) clinical benefit from statin therapy; in previous secondary prevention trials, the benefit of statin therapy was not evident for one to two years.
While it is impressive that a clinical benefit was realized after only 16 weeks of statin therapy, the increased risk of adverse clinical events persists throughout the year following an acute coronary syndrome.
The investigators reasoned that recurrent ischemic events in this population were likely to result from restenosis or bypass graft closure and that statins would be less likely to affect these processes [ 8 ] . Nevertheless, a number of trials have established the benefits of statin therapy early after coronary revascularization [ 9 10 11 ] . Furthermore, a number of recent trials have suggested that higher risk patients with non-ST elevation acute coronary syndromes fair better when an early invasive strategy is applied [ 12 13 14 ] and it is not uncommon for patients to be treated in this fashion.
Although MIRACL and the two aforementioned cohort studies suggest that lipid-lowering agents exert short-term clinical benefits when initiated soon after an acute coronary syndrome, this remains an open question.
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study, one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy (barring contraindications) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome: First, the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second, as evidenced by MIRACL, these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome; Third, the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally, although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome (excepting total :HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore, data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus, to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo, and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
The ascertainment and quantification of any incremental benefit conferred by statin therapy initiated early after an acute coronary syndrome will require confirmation.
If A-2-Z demonstrates significant reductions in the incidence of adverse events during the first four months, it would suggest an incremental clinical benefit from initiating these agents early after an acute coronary syndrome.
If benefits accrue, but do so later during follow up, it would be difficult to discriminate between the effects of more aggressive vs. earlier lipid lowering therapy.
Future secondary prevention studies should look at patients with stable or unstable disease and will need to address the comparative efficacy of different statins (or newer agents), assess the incremental benefit of combination therapy [ 30 ] and determine whether there is a serum cholesterol 'floor' below which reductions are unlikely to provide further clinical benefit.
Future secondary prevention studies should look at patients with stable or unstable disease and will need to address the comparative efficacy of different statins (or newer agents), assess the incremental benefit of combination therapy [ 30 ] and determine whether there is a serum cholesterol 'floor' below which reductions are unlikely to provide further clinical benefit.
The potential benefits of an effective demand response program would includ e:
Please, if you could give me a few minutes of your valuable time or guide me to the right person to describe the significant benefits of what we offer.
In its letter, which was signed by all six members, the panel wrote that it was "troubled by incongruities, inconsistencies and conflicts, particularly concerning actions taken by you which were or could have been of potential benefit to Chang.
Continuation of a personal and official relationship with Mr. Chang under circumstances where you knew that he was attempting to ingratiate himself, in part through a pattern of attempts to provide you and those around you with gifts over a period of several years when you and your Senate Office were taking official actions of benefit to Mr. Chang (contacting United States Government officials, writing letters to foreign government officials and involving Mr. Chang of his representatives in situations where you were meeting with officials of foreign governments) evidenced poor judgment.
After evaluating the extensive body of evidence before it and your testimony, the committee is troubled by incongruities, inconsistencies and conflicts, particularly concerning actions taken by you which were or could have been of potential benefit to Mr. Chang.
It’s a truism, I know, but it has the benefit of actually being true.
Take it through analysis, if there is some benefit in it for you.
If the benefits are genuinely mutual, projects provide a basis for high commitment from both parties to the short-term employment contract.
Yet, the benefits of reciprocity can accrue beyond the project’s conclusion.
We have sought to illustrate the future by exploring two industries where boundaryless careers have flourished – reaping benefits for people, companies, and host industries alike.
Did the tools of production really get sold, to the shareholders benefit, leaving the worker without means to defend himself?
As someone trying to get a government job with great benefits where the qualification is basically, "take this constitution and defend it with your life," Tea Party Republicans spend an awful lot of time tearing it up and reassembling the pieces to their acquired tastes.
As someone trying to get a government job with great benefits where the qualification is basically, "take this constitution and defend it with your life," Tea Party Republicans spend an awful lot of time tearing it up and reassembling the pieces to their acquired tastes.
Such a program, coupled with appropriate measures to address local concerns, would provide significant health benefits even as we increase energy supplies and maintain reasonable electricity rates.
Included in those amendments was the Acid Rain cap and trade program, the first program tailored specifically to the utility sector, which is achieving significant environmental and public health benefits at a fraction of the initial cost estimates and with relatively little government bureaucracy.
Allowance trading provides incentives for energy conservation and technology innovation that can both lower the cost of compliance and yield pollution prevention benefits.
Greater reductions earlier than expected have lowered risks to human health and provided benefits to the environment sooner.
Requiring every plant over 30 years old to meet New Source Performance Standards and New Source Review modification requirements seems unnecessary and could undermine the benefits of the cap and trade approach.
Layering additional requirements, such as the "outdated power plants" provision, on top of a cap and trade program is very likely to increase costs without providing significant environmental benefits.
Comparing our experience on the Acid Rain Program with the NOx SIP Call and the Section 126 petitions demonstrates the benefit of having certain key issues decided by Congress rather than left to Agency rulemakings.
We should not delay the public health and environmental benefits from reduction of these emissions while we wait for consensus to develop on CO2.
Still others are less obvious but just as horrible; dogs fighting to the death for the benefit of blood thirsty gamblers; baby calves confined and malnourished to provide “milk-fed” veal for the gourmet; and the “accidental” drowning of porpoises in the nets of tuna fishermen.
The man shrugged, "Yeah, well, that's one benefit of owning the company.
for them, they get the benefit of the longer term if you don't apply it to an existing copyright. I m
, and is your argument that we find and hold against their retrospective because there is some, at least plausible basis should so argument, to say that there can be a causal connection between the retrospective extension and some benefit that can be traced to those particular works through the retrospective extension, like dissemination? Is 
 is, suppose you have a statute, as this one arguably is, where 99.9 percent, many billions of dollars of benefits, are going to the existing holders of copyright on grounds of equity, and the effect of the statute in eliciting new works is near zero. I m
At a price nearly half off the regular membership dues, you will receive a host of member benefits (more on these in a moment)_and, far more important the satisfaction of actually doing something to improve the ocean world we pass on to our children.
Besides having the satisfaction of knowing that you are doing your part to help save our wildlife heritage, you will also receive some outstanding benefits of membership including: A one-year subscription to our beautiful full color magazine, NATIONAL WILDLIFE.
The agreed-upon rate and service changes will work to the mutual benefit of mail users and the postal system as a whole; and
However, assuming the procedural requirements of Chapter 36 are met, changes negotiated by the Postal Service and a mail user for their mutual benefit may merit recommendation under the applicable statutory standards.
❷ The agreed-upon rate and service changes will work to the mutual benefit of mail users and the postal system as a whole; and
Films with Mandarin dialogue also have Chinese subtitles, for the benefit of Cantonese speakers, and sometimes subtitles in English.
The feeling that you are a real partner in helping us achieve victories for wildlife is probably the biggest benefit of membership there is.
But membership carries many tangible benefits as well ... benefits that will keep you up-to-date on the latest wildlife news, and benefits designed to enhance your own personal enjoyment of nature.
But membership carries many tangible benefits as well ... benefits that will keep you up-to-date on the latest wildlife news, and benefits designed to enhance your own personal enjoyment of nature.
But membership carries many tangible benefits as well ... benefits that will keep you up-to-date on the latest wildlife news, and benefits designed to enhance your own personal enjoyment of nature.
PLUS, there are additional membership benefits for you to enjoy.
Travelers's employee benefits group, which includes its group health insurance operations, posted earnings of $24 million, compared with a loss of $3 million last year.
Ratners's chairman, Gerald Ratner, said the deal remains of "substantial benefit to Ratners."
The program, available to Upjohn employees 55 years old or older, could increase an individual's retirement benefits 10% to 20%.
As a Living Planet Society member, you’ll receive the wonderful array of benefits described in the enclosed brochure.
Further analysis is needed of the benefits of the current system relative to the benefits of an alternative system, and of whether some of the benefits of an alternative system can be obtained by making adjustments to the current system.
Other upgrades will yield long-term benefits through improved computer infrastructure.
Studies in these centers should demonstrate the benefits of screening: increased referrals, more patients receiving counseling, and better outcomes such as reduction of risk behaviors.
People are unlikely to invest in the feeding and care of others if they are not in a position to reap the benefits.
The marriage contract pours a sea of benefits and obligations into a single "I do."
43Social Security consists of two separate trust funds: Old-Age and Survivors Insurance, which funds retirement and survivors benefits, and Disability Insurance, which provides benefits to disabled workers and their families.
As the first woman in charge of a department that traditionally combines gentleman's-club exclusivity with macho bluster, she has figured out how to present herself to the public, to the media, and to other world leaders without the benefit of role models.
The New York Times leads with word that because most states are behind schedule in their attempts to eliminate Y2K problems from their computer systems, it's likely that some people receiving welfare and other anti-poverty benefits will have their payments and/or services interrupted.
The Army discharged a 20-year decorated veteran one week before he would have been eligible for retirement benefits, because investigators discovered evidence of his homosexuality after an arsonist torched his home.
Some, such as loss of flexibility and adjustment costs on the cost side, and health benefits and spillovers on the benefit side, remain beyond the scope of this analysis.
employee contributions, if any, and the employer entity contributions (593) Customs Service fees (576) Deposit fund transactions (600) Deposits by states for unemployment trust fund (575) Deposits of earnings, Federal Reserve System (577) Disposition of revenue to other entities: custodial transfers (596) Diversion fees, Department of Justice (583) Donation of property, plant, and equipment: types that are expensed (598) Donations: except types of property, plant, and equipment that are expensed (577) Downward subsidy reestimates for post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees (598) Employer entity contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of Federal employees (590) Employer entity contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for Federal employees (589) Employer entity contributions to social insurance programs (588) Employer entity payments for unemployment benefits and workers compensation (590) Federal employee contributions to health benefits plan for current coverage of Federal employees (584) Federal employee contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans (583) Fees on post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees (598) Fines and penalties (578) Forfeitures (578) Individual income taxes, corporation income taxes, social insurance taxes and contributions, excise
Now she is settling with the university and will be reinstated to her full professorship, receive back pay of $100,000, benefits, and a cash payment.
The second missing benefit includes gains in environmental quality, especially improved health benefits.
Federal employee contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans.
The LAT says that Clinton's legal shift has the benefit of allowing him to fight on, but on much less controversial grounds, and yet still perhaps delaying Lindsey's re-appearance before Starr's grand jury for months.
That's a voluntary sacrifice, and so (in the judgment of those who choose to buy) it must be more than compensated for by the benefits of ownership.
It is extremely difficult to obtain alternative representation for housing eviction, benefits, education, and health access cases, whether the client is an alien or a citizen.
When the widely varying studies detected short-term benefits from better-quality care, liberals and child advocates trumpeted them.
As that exhibit shows, we estimate the monetized benefits of the Clear Skies Act in the continental United States will be $44 billion in 2010, including $43 billion in health benefits and $1 billion in recreational visibility benefits.
If a state does not participate (or is not certified by the Department of Labor as meeting Federal requirements): (i) the Federal unemployment tax is levied within the state at its maximum rate, (ii) the system does not pay any unemployment compensation benefits within the state, and (iii) the Federal Government provides no grants to state governments to pay for the costs of administration.
The estimates of avoided health effects, improved visibility, and monetary benefits of the Clear Skies Act are based on a method that reflects peer-reviewed data, models, and approaches that are applied to support EPA rulemakings and generate Reports to Congress on the benefits of air pollution regulation.
To illustrate the complexities in evaluating how traditional program reforms might affect national saving, let's examine two basic options that would directly improve Social Security's financial imbalance-increasing payroll taxes and reducing benefits.
Finally, we adjust the benefit values for expected income growth through 2010 and 2020 and aggregate the benefits to the appropriate geographic level.
Other criticisms: 1) Clinton is using the surplus to avoid proposing benefit cuts, which will eventually be necessary.
The costs of leniency--measured in lost reputation--are spread over the entire school, while the benefits are concentrated in the professor's own classroom.
One benefit of making our current content free is that Slate will be able to participate more fully in the new Microsoft "portal" site, msn.com.
There often will be no alternative source for the client to receive vital information respecting constitutional and statutory rights bearing upon claimed benefits.
Whereas the Mayanists benefit from a single main identity, those of Colombia must operate under historical differences between the various ethnic groups (Jackson 2002: 109).
Impact on Base Benefits Description of Basis for Analysis Avoided Incidences Estimate Adjusted for Growth in Real Income (billion 1999$)
