You see, last fall, Glassman--who has used such forums as the Wall Street Journal editorial page to propound his view that the prospect of future earnings growth justifies much higher stock prices than anything yet seen--participated in a
It is hard to see any anti-competitive danger that justifies denying people these benefits."
While they are concerned for Korea, and send money back to relatives there, Korean-Americans also feel some relief: "A poorer South Korea makes the sacrifices of immigrants in America easier to justify."
I have been struck with how political conservatives have used the issue of crime to justify autocratic, if not authoritarian, policies.
But I needed something to justify my unreasonable anger.)
This was back when you still had to justify your pop taste to your parents, before they started lighting up and handing you joints.
He would also surely be surprised that today's conservatives are using his Democracy in America to justify a depoliticized and romantic localism as an improbable remedy for the larger ills of national politics.
The stock market's instinctively positive reaction to job cuts surely makes it easier for managers to justify their decisions to themselves.
We introduce and justify three such concepts ("super-orthologs", "ultra-paralogs", and "subtree-neighbors"):
The thing that is most remarkable about day trading, though, is the almost complete absence of a coherent investment theory that could justify the practice.
Kissinger's history of his own time in office is a work whose breadth, clarity of vision and historical scope amply justify its size.
(I won't begin to justify all the bad reasons for Barry's popularity--race resentment, patronage, etc.--but will <b>try</b> to explain one good one .) Even for Washingtonians who had forgiven Barry his crimes, the prospect of another campaign appalled.
Angry critics charged that if the mind had an innate structure, different people (or classes, sexes, and races) could have different innate structures, justifying discrimination.
To justify a current policy, a well-known organization cites these conditions: "unrelenting crowding, lack of privacy, infrequent communications with family and the outside world, no ability even to go … for fresh air and a view."
`Geiger tube']), but how it can be so analyzed, when the counter sense is inherent in the function of the device, and `Geiger' can scarcely be said to be a “translation” of Geiger , is a little hard to justify.
Those options that provide consumers with sufficient value will thrive; in the long run, those that fail to justify their costs will face extinction.
I was unable to find any comment by the author justifying the use and application of the (million-word British) International Corpus of English (ICE-GB).
Thursday, in what many deemed a slap at--and arguably an oversimplification of--the theories of Balkans scholar Robert D. Kaplan and Holocaust scholar Daniel Jonah Goldhagen, Clinton repudiated those who "justify looking away from this kind of slaughter ...
Note 9: "Thus interpreted, the Nazi extermination both justifies the necessity of Israel and accounts for all hostility directed at it: The Jewish state is the only safeguard against the next outbreak of homicidal anti-Semitism and, conversely, homicidal anti-Semitism is behind every attack on, or even defensive maneuver against, the Jewish state.
That's largely because, in contrast to the overhyped December bombardment, U.S. officials are playing down the recent assaults, justifying them in terms of self-defense and providing scant information on the damage.
But proponents are wrongly using the data to justify mandatory application across the board.
Further, by requiring the Service to justify rate and service changes, Congress hoped to provide a check on inefficiency.
The program's supporters--who compared the project to trying to "hit a bullet with a bullet "--said that 1) success in the next test will <b>justify</b> a go-ahead; and 2) the setbacks result from Clinton's unrealistic timetable.
To even for an instant try to intellectually justify killing members of one group simply because other members of that group did unspeakable things--whether that group consists of Serbian civilians or imprisoned SS guards--is lazy thinking.
Does this extra protection justify the considerable spillover?
To be sure, there is nothing to justify the assumption that the names of the numbers emerged in numerical order from the primeval ooze of language; but one might mistakenly conclude that the very first ordinal to be talked about in English was eightieth , and this at a time when only a small percentage of the population had a life expectancy of half that.
Powell said that Wolfowitz was not able to justify his belief that Iraq was behind 9/11.
"As a clever xenophobe, Haider has taken care to make just enough extreme statements to justify his 'credentials' with outright racists and neo-Nazis, while mainly sticking to more acceptable forms of extremism," the paper said.
Mostly, it is tasteless, since the racial stereotypes at issue have been used to justify all sorts of historical barbarities.
It's just not enough money to justify future investment.
We suggest that the concept of biological markets provides a good alternative framework for modelling variable games [ 1 17 28 38 ] . At the least, future studies should justify the assumption of zero payoff variation, given the importance of its implications.
The cities "lived in the shadow of the riot ideology," he writes, and it is in the name of "the riot ideology" and of righting the wrongs of racism that liberals went on to justify the violence of the 1960s and its criminal aftermath.
What purpose or higher reasoning can Microsoft use to justify such writing?
Since the Soviet Union fell apart, the agency has been increasingly desperate to justify its continued existence.
Asking how Murdoch would justify the News of the World 's outing of Brown, the Guardian said in an editorial Monday: "It is, of course, a futile question.
And more convenient, seamless access to the Internet from the desktop will . It is hard to see any anti-competitive danger that justifies denying people these benefits.
I doubt that it is accurate to define gunsel as a `callow youth,' a sense that probably rubbed off from the character played by Elisha Cook, Jr. in The Maltese Falcon: though he was referred to (by Bogart, as I recall) as a `punk' and `gunsel' and was portrayed as ineffectual, that does not justify a transferred definition: gunsel , probably from Yiddish, is a less common, old-fashioned term for `gunman, body guard, torpedo, hit man,' and the like, simply a `criminal who carries a gun,' and needs no (additional) pejorative treatment.
Identify the net benefits or cost savings projectedby the cost/benefit analysis used to justify a chosen alternative, if the acquisition has progressed to this point.
He dismissed Western achievements as entirely material, arguing that Western society possesses "nothing that will satisfy its own conscience and justify its existence."
The First Amendment, in Tannen's view, has often become "a pretext to justify the airing of just those views that make for the most entertaining fights."
The government hopes to construct the database in a way that will satisfy privacy advocates, but this seems impossible, since they 1) oppose precisely the easy access meant to justify the database and 2) think insurers will use the information to discriminate against costly patients.
The Washington Post once got widely mocked for an editorial justifying the publication of a damaging rumor about a public official with the argument that while the rumor may not be true, it is true there is a rumor.
The painful truth is that the studio is probably right about the impact of the Bond film on the IPO, because the residual glamour of the movies is the only reason one could justify investing in MGM.
Indeed, CTAG and/or CTCG motifs were found upstream of all these genes in C. psittaci, but the presence of these regions did not exceed random probability sufficiently to justify any concrete assertions.
However, persistent positive reactions upto 2 weeks following treatment [ 21 ] would not justify the introduction of <b>rapid</b> test as a screening test by village health workers in the region.
The speaker probably thinks “taking it for granite” is correct, justifying it as meaning “as solid and stable as a slab of granite.”
Does such an occurrence justify paranoid speculation about corrupt motives and conflicts of interest?
Reforms focused partly on immigrants, following testimony from the General Accounting Office estimating that slightly more than half of the Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefits provided to elderly persons were collected by noncitizens in 1995 [ 13 14 ] . In justifying PRWORA [ 15 ] , the House Ways and Means Committee stated that it had been a basic tenet of US immigration policy since 1882 that legal immigrants should not be eligible for public benefits.
The Swiss law was used by Hitler to justify Nazi policies.
Springer makes several tepid attempts to justify Springer :
The district attorney wants to justify the death penalty by adding an additional felony charge, such as kidnapping.
There is much to be said about the proper reading of this passage, particularly in relation to the contrary story of creation in Genesis 2, a story that supposedly justifies the subordination of women.
Since then, 14 media organizations in Portugal--three TV companies, four radio stations, six daily newspapers, and one newsmagazine--have signed a statement saying, "It is our profound conviction that the intimate life of a human being, even if he is the president of the United States, does not justify this obscene official inquiry.
In fact, many of the accusations--for example, that he was really trying to <b>justify</b> male philandering--were simply preposterous, and others could be countered easily.
But nothing they did before the West intervened justifies the 2,000 civilians killed by NATO's bombs.
The climax justifies the technique.
Most investors are skeptical, correctly divining that future earnings justify a price of only $50.
In the Republic of Ireland, the Irish Independent called Clinton "an invaluable friend of Ireland" and said that foolishness in his personal life "does not justify the persecution to which he has been subjected," nor take away from his achievements as president.
Since each of these approaches has been extensively described and compared previously, what justifies the new treatment in this paper?
This lack of data is of particular interest when committees have tried to rationalize and <b>justify</b> regionalization of critical care in rural areas [ 2, 3].
Accordingly, the preparer shall justify any changes in the use of a valuation method.
With Russia in shambles and communism no longer a threat, what threat to U.S. interests justifies such a commitment?
whether the benefits of the limitations on the total annual amounts of allowancesavailable starting in 2018 justify the costs and whether adjusting any of the limitations would provide additional benefits which <b>justify</b> the costs of such adjustment, taking into account both quantifiable and non-quantifiable factors;
That doesn't justify the ongoing disparity between criminal sentences for possession of powder cocaine and possession of crack--crack is much more likely to be used by blacks, and is punished much more harshly--but it does <b>justify</b> the tougher approach law enforcement agencies take in general today, as compared to two decades ago.
To justify a current policy, a well-known organization cites these conditions: "unrelenting crowding, lack of privacy, infrequent communications with family and the outside world, no ability even to go … for fresh air and a view."
that there are some searches the war on drugs cannot justify."
How to justify the eradication of a weak and numerically insignificant group?
This information was then used to justify annual budget requests when additional virus detection software was needed.
The conservative spins: 1) New threats from North Korea and Iran justify building the system.
This statement harks back to a famous 1958 essay by the literary critic George Steiner, who asked "whether the German language had survived the Hitler era, whether words poisoned by Goebbels and used to regulate and justify Belsen could ever again serve the needs of moral truth and poetic perception."
Cost/benefit analysis to justify the selection of the alternative selected over other alternatives, in dollar terms or in terms of some other criteria, such as effectiveness.
Many of these players tend to be arrogant and believe that the end <b>justifies</b> the means.
Parvez's wife remains a remote and unsympathetic figure, a woman whose lack of appreciation fully justifies his drift into the arms of another lover.
The results of this study justify prospective investigation on a larger scale, and the clinical significance of Met positivity in the axillary drainage fluid in breast cancer patients should be defined by an extended follow-up study.
If the plan calls for limiting the acquisition to resources compatible with existing equipment, verify that conversion cost studies have been completed to justify compatibility restrictions.
In effect, the tale merely serves as a device for taking a swipe at Starr, which may be justifiable, but this piece doesn't bother to justify it.
Small factory operations, without sufficient volume to support two shifts of cutting, claim that they cannot justify the capital cost of computer systems.
The FT said this was the right decision, not because Muammar Qaddafi was now "a Jeffersonian democrat" but because "he has started to come into line with international law enough to justify a policy of engagement rather than isolation."
We were later able to readily distinguish between the correct and incorrect alignments when an all-atom scoring function was applied to the models constructed using both alignments, and justify the changes by detailed environment analysis.
Or is it more likely that having landed his subject, Lewis created a thesis to justify his choice?
First, by assuming that the high success rate of zinc phosphate cemented Procera crowns is likely to be equally high with Denzir copings, justifies such a study ethically.
These evidently possessed whatever qualities of viability are required for an item to survive in at least written English once it has experienced adequate quantity and variety of printed occurrence to justify initial listing in the first place.
Finally, a requirement to include package inserts containing educational information in cigarette and smokeless tobacco was not chosen because the FDA was not certain the benefits would justify the compliance costs.
The critical nature of the information derived from the output of the assay justifies the extra optimization effort.
, but here we give examples of his third case only, where “there should not be two parties justifying even a momentary doubt about which the pronoun represents.”
The Christian Church, nevertheless, chose to latch on to the concept of the Virgin Birth long before the sixteenth century ( cf . Tertullian, who lived c. 160-240 A.D.) in any case, and we do not know whether the use of Isaiah 7:14 was to justify an already extant belief with a text, or whether it was to take an already accepted text and graft its meaning, as was then understood, upon the events of the Annunciation to Mary.
Fisher's exact test will be used instead of chi-square tests if the frequency of a given allele is too low to justify the assumptions of the chi-square test.

As previously noted, the fact that materials may be exempt from public disclosure does not justify withholding them from GAO.
It's conceivable we could justify continuing to cause pain and death if the embargo fueled enough discontent to cause Castro's overthrow.
Then it was up to the principals to decide if the case was good enough to justify using force.
