While I did not attend the trial--I was lucky to be able to read your highly amusing and informative dispatches, several of which made me spit up my lunch laughing--it certainly seemed as if the <b>image</b> of Bill Gates took a beating and the insular culture of Microsoft did not look so good.
The central idea that generates the concept of universal humanity or universal brotherhood is that we are made in the image of God.
That creation in the image of God resonated in the culture of the abolitionists is undeniable; the advocates of emancipation readily <b>read</b> into the line “all men are created equal” the vision of creation set forth in Genesis 1. If you believe that an individual is created in the <b>image</b> of God, it is difficult to deny his or her ultimate worth.
On your left, in the wall of the corner house, thousands of nails have been hammered into a piece of wood under a small image of Vaisha Dev, the toothache god.
Abraham Lincoln readily saw himself in the image of Moses leading his people out of bondage into the realm of freedom.
This shift in our neighborhood image is very satisfying after fifteen years of concerted efforts by South-East Neighborhood Development (SEND) to reverse community decline.
In fact, the hammock was an Amerindian invention that remains with us today; it is an object which, more than any other, evokes an image of a <b>warm</b> sunny day on a tropical isle.
Why does the image of an Indonesian sewing sneakers for 60 cents an hour evoke so much more feeling than the <b>image</b> of another Indonesian earning the equivalent of 30 cents an hour trying to feed his family on a tiny plot of land--or of a Filipino scavenging on a garbage heap?
The understated simplicity — and lack of human images — of Islamic design fades completely and is replaced with an ornate blaze of <b>color</b> within which human <b>images</b> in either paint, stone, or wood abound.
Image stacks were collapsed to view the entire projection in one section in one focal plane.
Images of Aztlán, a concept from the pre--Conquest, and other Aztec symbols represented cultural pride and national loyalty.
Still, none of the new-words dictionaries I checked, including the Longman Register of New Words (edited by John Ayto; Longman, 1989) and the Facts on File Dictionary of New Words (edited by LeMay, Lerner and Taylor; Facts on File, 1988) had an entry for pixelization `the appearance of pixels (dots that make up a computer-screen image) in a computer graphic, a mark of lower resolution.
Images unroll before the eye like a painted scroll as your boat continues downstream: Tunneled Hill, Pagoda Hill (also known as Battleship Hill), Washing Vase Hill, and Fighting Cocks Hills (facing each other from opposite banks of the river).
For a given threshold, the drusen image is segmented such that pixels with brightness intensities above the threshold are colored green, to label as drusen, and the rest darkened.
Tattoos of Christian images have always been popular among Chicanos, and the custom of tattooing <b>images</b> of Jesus Christ, crucifixes, La Virgen de Guadalupe, and other Madonnas has a long history.
But boomers, lured by media images of the Great American Smile, expect more.
In addition to show­ing 360-degree interior and exterior panoramas and images of many of the art treasures, it gives practical advice on how to organize your day or weekend visit.
Images were analyzed for density using <b>Image</b> Pro Plus™ <b>image</b> analysis software (Media Cybernetics).
The war snuffed out one life, one being created in the image of God, for every seven slaves freed.
But London's liberal Guardian called the coup "a blow to democracy, a blow to Pakistan's image abroad, and a blow to those who hope for peace in the subcontinent."
The interior décor now says much more about the Victorians’ romantic image of Scotland than it does about how the room would have really looked: The walls are lined with suits of armor and swords.
Scanned ERα bands from western blots were imported into the Paint Shop Pro version 5.0 (Jasc Software, Inc., Minneapolis, MN), saved in Windows Bitmap, and loaded into Scion <b>Image</b> (Scion Corporation).
Apparently, it lay beyond the imagination of the justices in the 1870s that someday equal protection would be extended to protect all those created in God’s image.
These days, Helms' allies are trying to present him as a moderate, accommodating figure, but that image won't stick.
This province of ranches and oil derricks likes to cultivate the image of Canada’s Wild West.
All images were saved as JPEG files.
The popular image of a Mexican with a large sombrero sleeping under a cactus very likely originated from these early writings of traveling Americans, with the result that the icon has become imprinted forever upon the collective character of Chicanos and Mexicans.
The bleached, posterized cinematography (by Ellen Kuras) makes the images seem cooked, even irradiated, and Lee brings out the eerie portents in the throbbing blandness of disco groups such as Abba.
For many, the image of Greek music and dance is inexorably linked to the film “Zorba the Greek.”
The Rangers’ battles with Texas border Mexicans helped create the image of the fearless fighters.
At times, the image shifts entirely through what Freud called klang associations, or sheer phonic similarity.
In addition to the famo us shrines, you can explore more of this attractively scenic peninsula, with its national park, the haunting image of the sacred “wedded rocks” at Futamigaura beach, and the resort town of Kashikojima at the southern end of the Kintetsu railway’s Shima line.
,an electroniccopyor image of a paper document) constituted an acceptable record.
Image data processing and volumetric analysis were performed at a single central laboratory using a single expert reader blinded to patient clinical severity and treatment assignment.
The video images were captured by CG-7 <b>color</b> frame grabber (Scion Corporation, Frederick, MD) supported by Scion <b>Image</b> public software developed at the National Institutes of Health (Wayne Rasband, NIH, Bethesda, MD), and ported to <b>Windows</b> XP, 2002 release (Microsoft Corporation, Redmont, WA).
The saturation recovery protocol consisted of 10 T1-weighted images measured with time-to-repeat times of 25, 75, 125, 175, 275, 375, 475, 600, 900, and 1800ms.
The time-lapse video of the experiment shown in Fig 5Awas created from the captured images as described in Material and Methods, with a time compression of 3.5 min (i.e.
Images from the sections were captured at 12.
We determined the success of each hybridization experiment by taking into account the results of the agarose gel analysis of PCR products, dot-blot analysis of probes, microarray data (described below), available information from public databases, and the quality of the captured images.
A rectangular contour was then drawn selecting the uncrushed segment of the nerve section to the left of the crushed segment using the NIH Image rectangle tool.
Progress in digital microscopy has allowed quantitative image analysis to generate data that objectively and completely describe tissue phenotype, free of observer disagreement [ 13 ] , and with the potential to detect subtle changes that are undetectable to the human eye [ 14 ] . Tissue histomorphometric profiles in EMeRGE are correlated statistically with gene-expression profiles, characterizing each sample through both top-down phenotypic information and complementary bottom-up genomic data.
From each set of data, two images were simultaneously produced and stored electronically: a greyscale photographic <b>image</b> and a colour-coded perfusion map.
Image Analysis
GAG averaged over the entire cartilage image slice) ranging from 2% to 12%.
Images chosen at random were analyzed and the data are presented as the mean of the total number of cells per six <b>images</b> examined at 400×.
A 63× Plan-APO 1.4 NA objective (Carl Zeiss Inc, Thornwood, NY, USA) was used in conjunction with an iris setting of 2.5, which allowed for detection of optical sections of the fluorescence image that were approximately 0.5 μm thick.
In other cases, digital images were captured to a Power Macintosh microcomputer with a Data Translation framegrabber card and electronically enhanced to increase contrast.
Several cardiac cycleswere recorded on a videotape and the two dimensional images subsequentlyplayed back for analysis.
In the annotation tool (Figure 2), only those annotation terms that describe structures present within a specific stage range are displayed beneath the images of embryos from that stage.
As proof of principle, we first demonstrated that the interactive procedure was effective in eliminating the concentric shading pattern in both a normal image (Figure 2A,2B,2C,2D) and a drusen-containing <b>image</b> (Figure 2E,2F,2G,2H).
Images were analyzed for density using <b>Image</b> Pro Plus™ <b>image</b> analysis software (Media Cybernetics).
Image analysis was performed using NIH <b>Image</b> software.
The images were captured using the LEICA DM RXA in combination with the Q-FISH software for microphotography.
Fabry disease is an X-linked disorder resulting in reduced activity of the lysosomal enzyme α-galactosidase A [ 1 2 ] . This results in the systemic accumulation of D-galatosyl conjugates, particularly globotriosylceramide (Gb3) [ 3 4 ] . Although the disorder is heterogeneous, patients suffer renal, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular complications [ 4 ] . Enzyme replacement therapy has recently shown to have an effect on resting cerebral blood flow abnormalities and on other organ systems functions [ 5 6 ] . In the cerebrovascular system there is an increased incidence of stroke together with vessel ectasia [ 7 ] . This may be related to the progressive accumulation of storage material in the cerebral vessel or possibly, may be due to an abnormality of vessel function [ 8 9 ] . The cerebrovascular complications are distributed predominantly in the posterior circulation with a progressive increase over time in the posterior distribution of small vessel disease as found on T 2 -weighted images or fluid attenuated inversion recovery (FLAIR) MR [ 7 10 11 ] . It likely that such high signal lesions on MR <b>images</b> represent ischemic small vessel disease, however, there are no neuropathological-radiological correlative studies confirming this assumption.
Images were captured and analysed by use of computerised software (Scion <b>Image</b>, Scion Corporation, Frederick, MD).
Several canonical examples of these staining patterns were captured, and then only textual annotation and a low-magnification image were used to document additional occurrences.
The scanned images were analyzed for spot morphology and intensity and the results of the analysis were used to optimize the printing process during each run.
Next, Canny edge detection [ 19 ] was applied to obtain a binary image representing the edges in the X-ray.
To quantitate the amount of spreading, each image was analyzed with the NIH <b>Image</b> 1.61 application to determine the total amount of area covered by cells and this number was divided by the total number of cells in the <b>image</b> to give an average area per cell (in pixels 2/cell).
The intensities of spots on the two images were subsequently analyzed with GenePix Pro 3.0 software and a dataset was output.
The TestisSlides were printed on bar-coded slides, the numbers being visible to both the naked eye and in the fluorescence-scanned image.
X-ray images were prepared by scanning film at high resolution.
While the offsets are mathematically arbitrary, and do not affect a study of image variation numerically, we found that human recognition of fundus features was essential.
While both techniques required some logic to determine the best values for filtering the image, histogram equalization appeared to be the stronger of the two techniques as it allowed an analysis of the distribution of intensities in the <b>image</b> and adjusted the histogram accordingly.
Images (8-bit gray scale) were stored as averages of sixteen video frames (phase <b>images</b>) or as accumulations of four video frames (fluorescent <b>images</b>) with shutter controllers switching between light and fluorescent illumination.
The image for one of the hybridizations was selected to be the reference, and corresponding pixels in the other <b>image</b> were normalized by substituting them into a quadratic polynomial normalization function (of the pixel value), the coefficients of which were estimated by singular value decomposition (SVD) [ 10 ] . This quadratic model allows for some compensation in the event that the response of the phosphorimager changes between measurements.
Micro- and macrovesicular change were detected by thresholding the resultant clear-space image (derived by calculating tissue pixels that do not contain stain) in the saturation plane and locating 'round' objects.
Images were collected from live cells 20-48 hr later on an inverted Zeiss microscope fitted with computer controlled (IPLabs, Scanalytics) filter wheels (Ludl Electronics) on the excitation and emission paths.
, 7 images) per second.
Figure 6demonstrates HPB-ALL spreading on VCAM-1 over a period of 1 hour, where images from the first 10 minutes were obtained from recorded videotape, followed by a 60 minute time point.
Given the variation in initial [GAG], we evaluated the percentage degree of recovery only for those samples for which we obtained an 'initial' image before any exposure to IL-1 ( n =4 'mild' and n =4 'moderate').
1shows background-subtracted images of a microarray that has been hybridized with first strand cDNA derived from skeletal muscle mRNA.
In order to understand his ambiguous image, compare him with Europe’s heroic crusaders who went on the rampage at about the same time.
I was thinking what a good job he was doing of playing up to his image as a brooding misfit when a bathroom door opened next to him and a 3-year-old girl walked out and jumped into his arms.
Inside, pigeons peck at rice grains left as offerings to an image of guru Gorakhnath that is encrusted with carmine powder.
Phillip Noyce, the director, and Dean Semler, the cinematographer, cook up some eerily muzzy images inside the brackish tunnels and abandoned warehouses where the fiend does his/her demented surgery.
Images were recorded on a time-lapse videocassette recorder at real time and played back at 9-fold slower speed.
Over the doorway of each of these temples is a semicircular panel called a torana with images of the resident god — this will help you identify who’s who.
In Fire With Fire , as Wolf settles into her persona as pep-talker, she tells women essentially the same thing she told Gore: Drop the victim-loser image, stop playing second fiddle, and use romantic archetypes to visualize the path to glory.
The religious significance of this sheer-sided rock, 90 m (300 ft) above the town, was paramount, and the enduring images of the temples there still represent the principles of freedom and democracy in the present day.
NRA leaders believe the patriarchal Heston will polish the gun lobby's lousy public image while galvanizing its red-meat-and-gunpowder members.
Densitometric analysis was performed using Scion Image (Scion Corporation, Frederick, MD).
The best known image of Puerto Vallarta is the Iglesia de Guadalupe (Guadalupe Church), dedicated to the Virgin of Guadalupe, and topped by a copy of the crown worn by Empress Carlota in the 1860s.
Students, faculty, and alumni who object to this change are also up in arms about a plan to expand the size of the undergraduate student body by about 20 percent, to 4,500.They further object to efforts to change the school's image from superintellectual to smart but fun.
Images were processed and printed using Photoshop 6.0 software.
As with all Buddha images, the positions of the hands are highly significant.
The rosy spin: That's exactly the image he needs.
While images of a variety of types including radiographs and electrocardiograms can now readily be displayed, [ 14 ] such <b>images</b> are typically not yet accessible to providers.
The Right Bank still conjures up an image of solid bourgeois respectability.
The AMA, meanwhile, will spend the next few months (or years) trying to repair its image.
Each captured image is assigned to a stage range, and for each stage range a number of <b>images</b> are taken so that all stages within the range are represented.
Finally, on Mount Zion, you will find the Chamber of the Holocaust, an eerie, candle-lit place with disturbing images and grim reminders of the horrors of Nazism.
And she has used her life story--even those aspects of it that apparently took her by surprise--in the service both of her public image and of the policies she advocates.
Next, with the data that provided the position and orientation of the spine, it was necessary to segment the image based on orientation.
May such terror terrify those in thrall to earthly error, for the horror of these images tells what awaits them. ”
Images from the ads dominate the front page of the New York Times , under the oversized caption "Angles of G.O.P.
The gold leaf is then applied and the whole image is given a patina.
And it's the kindergarten straightforwardness of the images that makes the obscenities so delectable: The "shits" and "fucks" rush out of these characters' mouths at hyperspeed, always a beat faster than you expect.
Wherever the image of nonconformity appears, Frank spies the ascendant force of rebel consumerism.
For that matter, the dreadful Frame 313 of the Zapruder film with its cranial explosion may be one of the most-reproduced images in recent decades.
Burton's take on Washington Irving's legendary headless horseman is one of the great nightmare images in movies.
Like Saving Private Ryan , the picture wallops you in the gut with brilliant, splattery battle montages and Goyaesque images of hell on earth.
The contents of a Web site are stored on high-performance computers called servers . When you type a Web address into your browser, or click on a link or a "favorites" or "bookmark" button, you are telling your computer to fetch a specific set of data--text, images, sound, etc.--from some Web site's server.
Clinton's relaxed press posture seemed strikingly reminiscent of President John F. Kennedy, whose image has been all over the tube these last few days in the sad aftermath of his son's death.
Again, we have some silly palaver assuring us that Levinthal is aware that these items depict stereotyped images of blacks--as though we suspected that he endorsed them, or thought they were realistic.
The image matches the voice wonderfully.
evoke images of little, high-rise dollhouses full of paranoid writers who rarely disagree about art and never disagree about politics.
Purchasing information: The Ionic Hair Wand is available from the Sharper Image for $39, plus $8.
By the mid-1960s, like others of his generation, he'd left the gestural art of Pollock and de Kooning behind (though Pollock could have painted the swirling chest hair in Big Self-Portrait ) and begun using photographic images as the basis for his cooler, less openly expressive work.
Other stories profile a superagent winning mammoth contracts for his baseball player clients, a rookie quarterback learning how to play the endorsements game, and NBA Commissioner David Stern, who micromanages the league's <b>image</b>, coordinating everything from media coverage to promotional "sock giveaways."
(To read  Slate's take on Reno's independent <b>image</b>, click here.
The anti-Starr spins: This confirms Starr's public image as a reckless zealot and removes the leverage he had hoped to use to make Hubbell rat on Clinton.
Among the images reported on by the New York Times are "two hands holding up a severed head by the hair," "a man confronting his own severed head on a plate," and "a man's brain and the upper end of his spinal column ...
The Times does what it can to unbuff the image, running a picture of Heston that seems to show him either a) getting a hit off the gunpowder fumes on his fingertips, b) blowing kisses or c) throwing up.
If there's any visual difference between these two images, it's that the one featuring Clinton is more lurid.
The LAT story explains that Davis used images of warfare in his State of the State speech to drum up enthusiasm for hiring and training new teachers.
But it's hard to believe that people are not affected by the images and stereotypes they encounter as children.
But by hiring a PR firm to manage his image, wooing reporters with occasional jokes, and bonding with Prime Minister Tony Blair, Charles has staged an astounding revival.
This book has been set in Weiss by Typographic Images, New York; printed by Rae Publishing, Cedar Grove, New Jersey; and bound by A. Horowitz & Sons, Fairfield, New Jersey.
By underscoring his image as a fearless strongman, Putin defies this critique.
Newsweek says Di's death improves Prince Charles' image, transforming him from unfaithful husband to grieving father.
Whereas it is easy to explain this by referring to the cultural importance of food in African societies, the same reasoning can hardly be applied to the case of English, which has its own fair share of food images.
One recurring image in anti-cloning propaganda is of some evil dictator raising an army of cloned warriors.
Military confrontation with Iraq would instantly supplant the Lewinsky story and would convert Clinton's image from lecher to leader.
She's almost as saintly as her image, though she's increasingly torn between her principles and political expediency.
The insistence that one must see an exhibition before having anything critical to say about ideas and images within it attributes a great importance to the visceral experience of objects, an attendance to form.
His wild, self-aggrandizing public statements made both of them a laughingstock, and the Vanity Fair photo shoot he arranged sullied Lewinsky's image almost as much as a Penthouse spread would have.
President Clinton accused the fashion industry of glamorizing heroin . After reading about a photographer who died of a heroin overdose after selling pictures of emaciated, vacant-eyed models, Clinton argued that such images have encouraged young people to take up the habit.
They do not seem to appeal to insecure men who have a defensive macho image of themselves (even in Britain), hence are likely to have less allure in the U.S.
Since you like your children but do not wish to see the image you describe, by all means articulate your discomfort and suggest they throw a blanket over the "art" when you come to call, or temporarily substitute a nice still life.
To deflect this criticism, the AMA associated itself with favorable images of organized labor while dissociating itself from unfavorable ones.
The softhearted spin: Sharpton will suffer the worst damage because, ironically, he is the only one of the advisers to have sought to moderate his public image.
The sequence is cartoonlike--by the fourth image, we imagine that the three absent apparatchiks reside in Stalin's belly.
Maybe the company feared it would sully its image by openly slinging mud at a competitor.
The wide-angle lenses spread the images out obscenely, so that the whole movie takes on the sweaty fatness of Welles' Detective Hank Quinlan, and our own sense of space is continually violated.
The offending page doesn't technically copy or distribute the image in question.
The horn is the literal and figurative descendant of the post horn , the spiral horn that was carried by a mail coach to announce its arrival in a village and whose image is still the post office symbol in much of Europe.
The culminating image in this vein is (1873-74, Merseyside), in which Burne-Jones found biographical resonance in the scene of the magician lured to his doom by the femme fatale Nimue.
Because of the tremendous vogue of such images, collected and reworked by Edgar Degas and Claude Monet and Mary Cassatt and then adopted in our own popular culture, we recognize immediately the polymorphous personae of the floating world--the sumo wrestlers, the geisha and her admirers (see Kitagawa Utamaro, The Mosquito Net , circa 1797), and the swashbuckling samurai.
Dorgan: "No, image is important."
The LAT reports on the activities of a women's group dedicated to fighting negative images of Jewish women in the media.
One of Dexter's first acts as president was to meet the caretakers of Elvis' <b>image</b> to learn how to market King like the King.
All you have to do is gather up the strands of commonly told tales and give them visual representation--a gesture, the color of the light, a costume, a chance expression--in order to produce an <b>image</b> that feels both knowing and right.
These were the images that lit a fire in the brain of Stephen Crane when he was writing The Red Badge of Courage 30 years later.
A Herald editorial said, "The argument that his hair implant needs more time to take root was not only legally flimsy but also highly unbecoming for his rugged martial profession and his tough guy image."
The real purpose of the ventures, he says, is to revive his father's image, to spread "Kingian" thought in the most effective way possible.
But he can't stop spinning ideas, images, and sound bites, can't stop playing everything to his advantage.
There's an idea for a new cable channel: Weather Planet!, a cooler, next-generation Weather Channel that would broadcast nothing but radar and video images of extreme weather from all over the world--heavy snow, flash floods, golf-ball-size hail, hurricanes, typhoons, tornadoes, cyclones, temperatures less than zero or more than 100.
Since the translator may not “substitute his own modern images for the old ones” how can the shepherd metaphor retain its old-fashioned pastoral simplicity when its sense and the reader's senses are jarred out of the authentic Bible-time setting and are forced into a frame of the “language we use today”?
The spins, in order of increasing cynicism: 1) McCain and Bradley crossed a "partisan and ideological divide" for the sake of reform; 2) they strengthened each other's images "as political outsiders who speak their minds and could shake up the system in Washington"; and 3) they ganged up to take pot shots at the front-runners.
But it's odd to be celebrating "precious souls" on a tape series designed to teach candidates exactly how to wring money from contributors and seduce skeptical voters . While saying that candidates should be true to themselves, the speakers spend the bulk of their time detailing how campaigns are artifice and how candidates must learn to manipulate voters, contributors, images, and reporters.
As a piece of cinema music, Celebrity is limpid and graceful, and Sven Nykvist's black-and-white photography gives the images a luster that's often exhilaratingly at odds with the degeneracy being portrayed.
Wolf, whose controversial work has focused on women as sex objects, has reportedly advised Gore: 1) to speak from the heart; 2) to dress in more reassuring earth tones; and 3) to change his image from "beta male" to "alpha male."
Thomason and the White House aren't talking, so I consulted my own image expert, Jackson Bain.
Linda Tripp's allies--a group that includes her lawyers, Kenneth Starr, the Goldberg family, and absolutely no one else as far as I can tell--have tried repeatedly to improve her sorry public image.
That's not an appetizing image, but I'm preparing you for Ravenous , the cannibal saga I predict will elicit the most derisive reviews of any film this year.
The law's reasonable man , from the tribal wisdom of a person who is honest and sensible, is an image that can be called forth in the mind of every man.
Not to orthodox quiz participants, for whom greeting cards are to genuine manifestations of feeling what Big Macs are to real hamburgers, with some sort of joke about Hallmark and bulimia--and an ugly image that would be, if only I had the wit to express it.
It speaks through clusters of words and images, not through argument and exposition.
Simpson is not a problem for the image of black men.
Earlier in this century, pansy became a derogatory epithet to describe an effete male, thereby cheapening forever lines like Shelley's noble image in Adonais (verse XXXIII):
One bright spot: Robert Colescott, the first African-American artist at Venice, whose paintings, which transform images from Van Gogh and Picasso into sendups of racial stereotypes, are said to <b>add</b> "some spice" to an otherwise "sleepy biennal" (Holland Cotter, the New York Times ).
The death images that have received the greatest attention have something important in common: All of them are of people who have been subject to popular hagiography, people who are the public's most beloved figures.
Illustrating the charge that Dole and Gingrich voted against vaccines is a soulful child with big, staring eyes--an image right out of a Walter Keene painting.
Similarly, Japanese calligraphy has a great artistic tradition, no less great than that of Japanese watercolor painting or Japanese costume, and beautifully brushed poems may appear next to watercolor images similar to those that often appear on clothes.
The average  Slate  article--and I just happen to have one right here, "Booker Snooker"--contains about 800,000 bits of text, images, and formatting information.
The three blades on the head look appealingly like a tiny Venetian blind--an image emblazoned on the package like a scene from a 1950s noir movie.
He also says he asked Houghton Mifflin to alter the image for the book's newly released paperback version, but the publisher told him it would be too difficult.
This effort has largely succeeded, because Vegas is still the dominant image of American gambling, if not the dominant reality.
The difference here is image management.
Fed a compelling diet of music and images, the consultant and the producer agree, a docile and credulous public will go for just about anything.
should conjure up some of the images.
Creating links is easy because each Web page, and each image on the page, has a unique address on the Web called a URL (Universal Resource Locator).
In the cold light of day, it's an image that's as likely to make you feel icky as nostalgic--a half-smoked fag with some cheesy lip gloss on it.
It is not: "In the latter Tang dynasty," says the wall panel, "Buddhist images tended to become more ponderous, fleshy, and overly ornate, completely departing from the slender and ethereal beauty characteristic of many sixth-century sculptures."
Other stories profile a superagent winning mammoth contracts for his baseball player clients, a rookie quarterback learning how to play the endorsements game, and NBA Commissioner David Stern, who micromanages the league's <b>image</b>, coordinating everything from media coverage to promotional "sock giveaways."
Pi is in genuine black-and-white--all the grays have been cooked out of the images.
The fabulist images are wonderful and mysterious precisely because, in Malamud's hands, they seem perfectly believable, an effortless demonstration that the grotesqueries of workaday existence are merely masks.
This is how class works in America: a shared imagery of taste and behavior; a stark inequality of material, educational, and social means in measuring up to the image of how you ought to be.
La Repubblica of Rome Sunday, in an article by Furio Colombo, said that "Bill Gates, who with his image and his self-promotion has become a sort of Mao Zedong of the new technologies, evidently considers that there is no difference between the good of Microsoft and the good of all."
Eager to counter their mean-spirited geriatric image, the GOP wanted its response to the president's State of the Union to be delivered by bright, young party stalwarts, but instead ...
Also, Naughton purportedly frequented chat rooms used by adult men to contact teen-age girls and is alleged to have had sexually explicit images of children on his laptop computer.
So the image of lovelorn investors chasing standoffish borrowers can't really be right, at least not for the economy as a whole.
To start with an image of the tragic,what would have beenthis poem's end--if this morningI hadn't eaten a roll with jam I might havesaid, finally, the nightdid what night always does, it swallowedmy two friends, their arms slung around each other's waists,after I drove off chasing my highbeams.Outside their shingled walls & roof earlierand surrounded by pinewoodsthat evening my friends & I had been saying goodbyewhen one of them--the man--surprised by the baby-seat suddenly visiblein the back of the car (lit up by an interior lightas I opened the door)--he said, my friend said Jeez, they (meaning Michaela & our daughter Simone),they won't be able to go anywhere.Seeing I was as far as 150 miles from homewith the car, & my beinga potential traffic fatality,or worse (deadbeat dad, abandoner), he was right.I saw myself a moment as indispensable, happy to be needed, much likea canoe-paddling guide or gondola pilot.But my other friend--the woman--squinting at the baby-seatwith pity & amusement, she saidFor christ's sake, you might as well wear a chastity belt.And somehowthe mention of sex dragged death behind it--I meannow that I have settled(with responsibilities)my <b>dates</b> with this or that sexual tsunami should bea thing of the past,right?So there I was--caught between being one man or another, neither.Really, none of this is tragic.Can I be loved enough, that's my story.
His public image is that of an avuncular Southern gentleman.
Based on his analysis of pollen grains and plant images (imprints of flowers and other plant parts) taken from the shroud, Danin says the cloth existed in the eighth century, and maybe even before.
But it is in those poems--"Notes Toward a Supreme Fiction" and "An Ordinary Evening in New Haven"--that his language is driest, his images dullest.
Among the most striking images in the show are three negatives of a ballet dancer assuming poses familiar from Degas' pastels (see [Arm Outstretched]).
There is nothing more poignant than the image of an openly cheated-upon and humiliated wife doing "a mean Charleston."
Another describes Corbis, Bill Gates' digital photo archive: It's not making much money because the market for digital images is growing so slowly.
The Evening Standard said in an editorial that "having an image like this pushed in one's face makes it a bit harder to keep the stardust sparkling in the prospect of a live televised fairy-tale wedding at Windsor next month."
To put plausibility and punch in this theoretical argument, Clinton cited Milosevic's past aggression and invoked images of slaughtered innocents.
The original image evoked is either of a corpse zipped up in a body bag or a gamebird in a poacher's sack.
If this were a Rube Goldberg contraption, this recollection would remind the writer of the grease spot on page 2, caused by his having eaten a Big Mac, the memory of which conjures up such a vivid image that the writer opens his mouth to take a bite, and a string attached to his lower jaw releases a mouse, the sight of which arouses a cat which chases it, causing the mouse to squeal, awakening a midget who stretches, tripping open a trapdoor; through the trapdoor falls a usage book, sliding down a chute into the hands of the writer.
I intended to ask participants to devise similar but imaginary perqs that perfectly captured the ethos of other media companies, but then I couldn't shake the image of Ved Mehta in spandex, so I think I'd better go lie down and put a cold compress on my forehead.
First, of course, came Frank Sinatra, his death the beau ideal of an on-time departure, given his image's pendulum swing over the last three decades from ultracool to camp to ultracool once more.
Meanwhile, double-exposed images of kids, a woman, and the signs (literally) of a failing economy fill the screen, all punctuated by the grim visage of Bob Dole.
Stoking the unanimity image, each paper fronts a symbolic photo of two staunch ideological opponents, Senators Edward Kennedy and Phil Gramm, clasping hands and enjoying their newfound camaraderie.
Government should discourage images of sex and violence in the media by holding congressional hearings that demonize Hollywood.
Memo to the White House: It's been Chatterbox's understanding that you come down pretty hard on anyone who tries to use the president's image in a commercial pitch--even if it's a joke (as, arguably, everything in Weekly World News is intended to be).
He keeps the horizon line at the center of the frame, so that the movie's point of view seems static even when the images are gorgeously evocative.
The next scene has no distracting images, just words, numbers, and this focus: a "15 Percent Tax Cut for Every Taxpayer."
After his death in a skiing accident, the pop-singer-turned-congressman is elevated from a "hen-pecked, dim bulb" (Jill Lawrence, USA Today ) to "a symbol of the American capacity for reinvention" ( Newsweek ). Many critics conclude that Bono was not as buffoonish as his public image, which they claim he self-consciously cultivated to advance his career.
In the example below, some villain has co-opted image B for his nefarious (and libelous) ends.
Never has a show so skillfully exploited contemporary retro-chic to rewrite our visual image of history.
The great thing about this scheme is that if you are on a slow connection to the Internet, you can tell your browser to ignore the images.
In fact, the image tells little of this story.
Homeless advocates had always known substance abuse was a problem, but they had rarely aired their knowledge in public for fear that it would shift public debate and blur the image of the homeless as victims of an unjust housing policy.
"The labels are for marketing an image," she says.
But a closer look at Bush's comments suggests the opposite: He is concerned that the party looks mean because of its economic policies, and he is using cultural issues to soften that image by projecting Republican "compassion."
Anand Tucker's film is often unflattering to the late musician, and some reviewers mark it as the work of a jealous sibling out to tarnish her sister's hallowed image.
When asked about the Bible's literal account of creation, as opposed to the attractive concept of divine creation, every major Republican presidential candidate--even Bauer--has squirmed, ducked, and tried to steer the discussion back to "faith," "morals," and the general idea that humans "were created in the image of God."
The words “divine afflatus” thus create an unforgettable image jejune like a gumdrop
This image has occasioned almost no comment.
He felt the long rhinestone cigarette holder undercut his butch image.
Hellmann sees no distinction between Kennedy's image and his actual achievement; for Hellmann, the <b>image</b> is the achievement.
Why, then, the disparity between the political effects of these two images?
Probably no star could get away with it if he weren't such an image of cool, as beautiful and remote and self-contained as Garbo or Chet Baker.
Writing in 1824, Ranke conjured a memorable image of the modern critical historian confronted by, and determined to derive order from, the boundless quantities of available source material:
In its live coverage of the day's events, Greek television split the screen between Clinton's speech at the airport and images of marauding protesters hurling rocks and firebombs.
Hellmann's focus is instead on the Kennedy "image" and its importance to the man's historical reputation.
The spins, in order of increasing cynicism: 1) McCain and Bradley crossed a "partisan and ideological divide" for the sake of reform; 2) they strengthened each other's images "as political outsiders who speak their minds and could shake up the system in Washington"; and 3) they ganged up to take pot shots at the front-runners.
The bad thing about this scheme is that since every image has a public URL, anyone can use it.
While it is probably true, as Susan Sontag has argued, that Brady's images of the horrors of the battlefields "did not make people any less keen to go on with the Civil War," he did convey to his audience the sheer human cost of the war.
In an editorial, the paper said: "Hot air, floods, blood, death and abuse--these are the abiding images of Election '99.
Tasmanian English, then, presents an interesting face to the outside world, partly the face of a genuine regional dialect nurtured by the stability and comparative isolation of its population, and partly a construct of the tourist industry, which harnesses both the new and the old to create a viable contemporary image.
The piece concluded that she's finally graduated to an image that's "sophisticated yet soft."
And God said, Let us make man [Adam] in our own image after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the birds of the air, over all the cattle, and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth.
That creation in the image of God resonated in the culture of the abolitionists is undeniable; the advocates of emancipation readily <b>read</b> into the line “all men are created equal” the vision of creation set forth in Genesis 1. If you believe that an individual is created in the <b>image</b> of God, it is difficult to deny his or her ultimate worth.
Consider Dickens' sharp image in Bleak House (Chapter LIV) when he describes how “Sir Leicester leans back in his chair, and breathlessly ejaculates.
And this is, of course, the great irony behind Apple's apparently imperishable image as the corporation of the counterculture, an <b>image</b> that has been the source of some of American journalism's more preposterous pronouncements.
In Equation 1, ƒ represents the image, G is a 2D Gaussian filleting operation, and the second directional derivative is taken along the normal vector n . Using this edge-detected <b>image</b>, the boundary was traced and the angles of its curvature recorded, as shown in Figure 2.
Often these repeated images are rendered identically (same <b>colors</b>, no alterations in the pose), and sometimes they even appear next to each other in series of as many as eight.
The perfusion data is transformed instantaneously into a greyscale photographic image and a corresponding colour perfusion <b>image</b> is generated, with different colours representing different levels of flow.
for in the image of God he made Adam.
In fact, this traditional image of masculinity is nonsense.
The dark cypresses heighten the brilliance of the monument’s marble, and the water channels, meeting at a broad central viewing platform, not only provide a perfect second image, but also, with the reflection of the sky, <b>add</b> at dawn and sunset a subtle illumination from below.
Division of the corrected GFP-myosin-II image by the corrected NLS-GFP <b>image</b> yielded ratio <b>images</b> with pixel intensities that are proportional to local myosin-II concentrations (except in the region occupied by the nucleus).
His image has influenced artists, writers, philosophers, and painters for hundreds of years.
I enjoyed "Pop Technology," Louis Menand's take on the Star Wars legacy, particularly his observation that human beings have become dwarfed by computer-created images on the big screen.
Pilgrims flock from all around the island to kiss the image of the patron saint, and some ascend the final 68 steps to the church on their knees.
Hybridization, image processing and normalization
The resulting visual images can be shared with other decision-makers in the company wherever they might be, without the need to wait until everyone is in town for a meeting.
"For Microsoft's image, the damage is incalculable," said the Wall Street Journal . "It's hard to imagine how the findings … could have been worse news for Microsoft," <b>added</b> the Washington Post . The media, like the company itself, seem crippled by a failure of imagination.
In an area stretching from the permanently traffic-jammed Piazza Dante, between Via San Biagio dei Librai and Via Tribunali and over to the Porta Capuana, the popular image of old Naples survives.
The intensity of spots in an image is a function of how long the phosphorimager plate was exposed, as well as factors such as the efficiency of probe labeling.
Computer images can be viewed on the local area network or even put on the Internet in a secure form.
Designers like John Galliano have the media image of star performers.
Floor shows keep the “naughty” image of Paris alive.
5, with the location, amplitude, and standard deviation coefficients all estimated automatically from the background-subtracted image in two dimensions, using the Levenberg-Marquardt method [ 10 ] . The similarity between background-subtracted and fitted spot <b>images</b> (Fig.
The tilma with the image of the Virgin Mary still hangs in the temple called Guadalupe.
The movie's surface is velvety and immaculate--until the action is abruptly viewed through the video camera of the teen-age voyeur next door (Wes Bentley), and the graininess of the video image (along with the plangent music) suggests how unstable the molecules that constitute our "reality" really are.
The Mahayana school of Buddhism encouraged worship of a Buddha image, which is why the stupa was replaced with a sculpture of Buddha sitting in a posture used traditionally for teaching.
Drusen area in each of the 12 digital images was measured in both the central and middle subfields by two independent graders (RTS and JKC) using the semi-automated method.
The LAT puts another nail in the coffin of the image of Swiss purity during World War II with word of a new report from the Simon Wiesenthal Center describing how in numerous secret meetings with members of a Swiss anti-Semitic group, the wartime Swiss minister for justice and police promised that he would stop most Jews from entering the country.
Their images are prominent in Nepalese Buddhist art.
Each individual image tile was automatically focused, captured, digitized, corrected for shading and analyzed.
The image of Guadalupe provides support for those who believe in her divine power as the deliverer from oppression.
The magazine publishes a reconstructed image of Kennewick Man, the 9,000-year-old Caucasoid skeleton found in Washington state.
The Latin for “true image” has given us the name “Veronica,” and since the woman’s name is unknown she is revered as “St.
Among key items are Braque’s Man with Guitar (1914), Matisse’s collage The Sorrow of the King (1952), Dali’s Six Images de Lénine sur un Piano (1931), and Andy Warhol’s Ten Lizes (1963).
The façade of the Temple of Ramses II is one of the most enduring images of Egypt and though you may have seen them in photographs, they are truly breathtaking in reality.
On the east wall are two images showing Byzantine emperors and emperesses making offerings to Christ on his throne (to the left), and to the Virgin and Child.
However, in spite of the glamour, Hollywood’s rather seedy image persisted.
A haven for deposed European royalty in the first half of this century, it retains a jet-set image, with Victorian villas and modern mansions.
Among its many notable bronze images is the Yakushi triad, comprising three blackened-bronze <b>images</b>: the Yakushi Buddha (dedicated to healing and medicine) seated on a medicine chest between Bodhisattvas of the sun and moon.
And Acapulco has one thing that no other place has — the absolutely stunning view of Acapulco Bay, which, day or night, is an image as memorable as any you’ll come across in your travels.
The Madonna and saints of Annibale Carracci further paved the way for the Baroque, attracting the faithful with a sensuous image of ideal beauty, while Caravaggio made a more brutal, but no less effective, appeal with a proletarian Mary and barefoot Apostles.
Room 13 contains a number of painted Minoan sarcophagi, many decorated with the images of fish or birds.
However, Sanjusangendo’s main wonder is its legion of 1,000 gilded Kannon images flanking the central Buddha.
Not far from Koxinga’s heroic image are the guesthouse villas and sandy beaches where locals relax and sometimes even take a dip.
The sunset reflection of the twin pagodas of Yakushiji in a nearby lake is one of Japan’s most striking and visually poetic images.
Dolphins and fish are popular themes, as are stylized images of Greek gods.
The legend has been a part of Jerusalem lore since the seventh century; the cloth bearing the image is now kept at St. Peter’s in Rome.
The final hall contains the Lama Temple’s most revered statue, a 23-m (75-ft) image of the Buddha carved from a Tibetan sandalwood tree, its head peeking out of the pavilion’s third story.
Four sikhara domes rise above the entrance-porch in addition to: the mandapa hall for worshippers; a larger hall for dancing-girls; and the inner sanctuary, surrounded by an ambulatory for walking around the image of the deity.
The image acted as a sort of ancient lie detector, as it was said that anyone failing to tell the truth before it would bleed to death.
The Amida Hall of Hasedera houses the image of a seated Amida Buddha, endowed by Minamoto no Yoritomo when he was 42 — a particularly unlucky age according to popular Japanese belief.
Hotshot bankers have moved in to handle the new wealth, polishing up but not eclipsing the frontier image.
Madam Regent attended church and the mission schools (which you can still visit in Honolulu) and burned images of the old Hawaiian gods, while Kamehameha II entertained lavishly in the company of his wives.
Every five years the image is carried to Santa Cruz in a procession known as La Bajada de la Virgen (the Descent of the Virgin).
Naïve Amerindian images.
No people more joyfully live up to their legendary image than the Italians.
The result is a modern-day “wild West” meshed with everyday life, where image is reality, poverty clashes with wealth, and fame is acquired overnight — all publicized to the hilt around the globe.
The most popular site in the Western Hills is natural: a summit known as Incense Burner Peak (Xiang Lu Feng), named for the image created when fog comes sweeping over it.
Above this gilded door can be seen images of Shiva and his consort Parvati.
For many, the image of Greek music and dance is inexorably linked to the film Zorba the Greek.
Celebrated images included Frank Sinatra and Ava Gardner sipping margaritas while watching cliff divers at La Quebrada, President Eisenhower meeting Mexico’s President López Mateos for a summit conference in a new high rise hotel, and Johnny Weissmuller swimming laps in the Flamingos Hotel pool overlooking Acapulco Bay.
Housed within is the precious image of Cristo de la Viña (Christ of the Vineyard).
Rockport’s harbor is picturesque, and Motif #1, a red shack covered with brightly colored lobster floats, is one of New England’s most painted images — hence its name.
Regardless of the degree of truth in these images, the secret of any successful and satisfying exploration of Japan is to cast aside preconceived notions and come with an open mind.
At the Indra Chowk junction, four dragon-lions snarl beside the unusual stairway entrance to the many-hued and balconied Akash Bhairav, housing a silver Bhairav image brought out on feast days.
Others love to see it in the middle of the heaviest monsoon, its marble translucent, its image blurred in the rain-stippled water channels of its gardens.
All these are as typical of France as the more conventional images of rolling green meadows bounded by straggling hedgerows and arrow-straight avenues lined with plane trees, a village visible on the horizon, clustered around its church.
This holds the venerated 14th-century terracotta image of the Virgen de las Nieves, which relates to an ancient miracle when the Virgin appeared in Rome during August snow.
The Left Bank has, in contrast, always presented a bohemian and intellectual image, dating back to the founding of the university and monasteries; today, the Sorbonne, the Académie Française, the publishing houses, and the myriad bookshops continue to exercise an intellectual magnetism.
The understated simplicity — and lack of human images — of Islamic design fades completely and is replaced with an ornate blaze of <b>color</b> within which human <b>images</b> in either paint, stone, or wood abound.
The reflection of the double arches in the river on a fairly calm day creates a visual image resembling a pair of eyeglasses.
An example of the fusion of religions prevalent in Nepal, the inner temple to this Bodhisattva is encircled by Buddhist prayer wheels, while Hindu images are mounted on pedestals.
As you descend look for images of over 700 deities decorating the walls before reaching the chamber with its finely carved red sandstone sarcophagus; a royal cartouche (hieroglyphic name plate) above the lintel heralds your arrival.
Image and appearance take center stage here, both in the showcase <b>windows</b> and the personas of the people looking at them.
The King’s Megaron is decorated with a simple wooden throne, though the antechamber walls are incised with images of the double axe or labrys, so important to the mythology surrounding Knossós.
Part of the original design, they were destroyed by Emperor Aurangzeb, who refused images susceptible to idolatry.
As the Church regained ground, it promoted a more triumphant image, epitomized by the works of Bernini, the most productive of them all: His grandiose Baroque altar in St. Peter’s speaks rather effectively to the time.
You will find one pinnacle in the image of an “Elephant on a Stone Terrace” and another like a “Rhinoceros Looking at the Moon.”
Every country needs its mythic place, and Canada’s is the fabled North, the icy “wasteland” in which the country and the world like to cloak the national image.
A modern pipeline has been installed in the channel atop the aqueduct, and in the 16th century, a statue of Hercules in a niche over the tallest arch was replaced by a Christian image.
Pilgrims, often making the last of the trek on their knees, pray to her image and place mementos and offerings of thanks for her miracles; among them are small boats and prayers for those who have tried to escape Cuba on rafts.
News accounts agree that Arafat has finally shed his image as a terrorist and is now being honored by the White House not only as a virtual head of state but as the indispensable player in the peace process.
Venice artists are among those who have pioneered the street-painting that has spread throughout L.A. — the trompe l’oeil murals covering whole façades, often three or four stories high, some creating optical illusions by depicting mirror images of the street on which they appear.
But see the way he negotiates the crévasses and avalanches of the image's fragmentation -- quel éclat!
The town, settled by refugees from the American Revolution in 1792 and briefly capital of Upper Canada, jealously preserves an image of a “British” way of life revisited by North American nostalgia.
I can't think of any other explanation for the cruel tone that has entered into the obituaries for Stanley Kubrick, one of the last filmmakers who painted images in a grand style.
In the bottom right photo the images showing the GluR4 and the CD11b/c labeling have been superimposed (yellow).
Cavorting mulatta dancers in sparkling G-strings and pairs of strategically placed stars may not be most peoples’ image of socialist doctrine — but this is Caribbean communism.
The anti-image as image is powerful indeed.
Signal intensities were quantified with ImageQuant software (Molecular Dynamics) or NIH Image 1.62.
As you make your way to the city you’ll pass through two small districts which offer a range of cafés, bars, and tavernas, along with images of Greek daily life not found in more modern parts of Athens.
But of course, it's everything in a spot that turns sunny visuals against soft-drink advertisers, using the images to make the long-overdue point that they are a stupid reason to pick a drink.
Indeed, alterations in AVP regulation and secretion are thought to be one possible biochemical abnormality in patients with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) [ 15 16 17 18 ] . This disorder is characterized by sudden, recurrent thoughts or images that intrude into consciousness (obsessions) driving stereotyped acts that the person feels compelled to perform (compulsions) [ 19 ] . Interestingly, patients with OCD show elevated basal levels of AVP in the cerebrospinal fluid and exaggerated plasma levels of AVP in response to hypertonic challenge [ 16 ] . Many patients with anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa, both compulsive eating disorders, have abnormal levels of AVP in the cerebrospinal fluid and plasma [ 15 17 ] . Pediatric patients with severe OCD have low levels of AVP in cerebrospinal fluid, while a subgroup of pediatric patients with compulsive checking rituals has elevated AVP levels [ 18 ] . Hence, there are many clinical examples of compulsive behavior associated with a perturbation in the AVP system.
Turtles, elephants, giraffes, and, most prevalent, images of Puerto Rico’s beloved tree frog, the coquí.
Even so, the image resonates.
The tif images were inverted and the intensity plotted along an 8 pixel line drawn across the relevant cell boundary.
Armed with canes decorated with bunches of rosemary, the participants proceed on foot to the monastery, where they venerate the Holy Face cloth that, according to tradition, retained the bloodstained image of Jesus’ face after Saint Veronica used it to wipe his brow as he went to Calvary.
But it's also true, as never before, that the archives of sound and image constitute a continuous retro loop that people can--and will--draw on.
In each of the images, the location and angle of the spine can be clearly detected by finding the well-defined soft-tissue boundary of the body itself.
The image was established early, and the cash registers have been ringing ever since.
Jospin "owes his popularity in large part to his image as M Propre , a decent man who marks a break with the permeating sleaze of the long Mitterrand years," it said.
The results obtained from a microarray experiment are influenced by each step in the experimental procedure, from array manufacturing to sample preparation and application to image analysis [ 25 ] . The preparation of the cRNA sample is highly correlated to the efficiency of the reverse transcription step, where reagents and enzymes alike can influence the reaction outcome.
Several artists create watercolor images of Bermuda, and their bright harbor scenes or elegant details of cottages will bring back many happy memories of your trip.
If opponents of gun control don't recognize soon how the emerging prominence of kids and explosives is transforming the nation's image of deadly weapons, Clinton may succeed in reshaping the debate and turning the political tide against guns.
The rain god Chaac was a very important deity, whose image can be seen at every Mayan site.
Yet no Clinton administration figure depends more on image than the attorney general, and none has relied so much on words and symbols as a substitute for action.
Epifluorescence images from the wells containing only conjugated SP (100 nM) were analyzed using Scion <b>Image</b> (Scion Corporation, Frederick, MD).
All images were submitted to the relational database using a web-based annotation tool.
Array image processing and data analysis
Images were analyzed for density using <b>Image</b> Pro Plus™ <b>image</b> analysis software (Media Cybernetics).
These scans are performed in the radiology department without moving the patient from the bed to a scanning table, thus facilitating timely acquisition of the necessary images.
Representative images were selected from the slices though the center of the cells after sectioning through the entire cell.
The immunofluorescent images show an apparent greater accumulation of fusion protein in the nucleolus than is found in normal cells [ 20].
One specialized BioAssayTreatment is the ImageAcquisition, the product of which has associations to one or more Images.
Selected images pairs (merged phase/fluorescence <b>images</b>) are shown in Fig 5. At time 5 min, the cells were superfused with a solution containing MTX.
Density slice filtering was used to remove background autofluorescence and then record the area stained in each nucleus in the flattened image.
The size of individual P19 aggregates was determined by capturing fields of 40-50 aggregates at 10x magnification and then calculating the area of each aggregate using the NIH Image (1.
The first step in finding this boundary was to de-noise the image using an adaptive Wiener filter [ 16 17 18 ] . The goal was to minimize the amount of noise in the black area corresponding to the area outside the body.
However, we had found that the macular reflectance patterns in standardized images from normal subjects from other races were the same as those of Caucasians [ 26 ] . Hence no new difficulty would be anticipated in drusen segmentation in these populations.
A threshold value applied to the entire image can neglect needed information and may detect more noise than the true edges.
Many of the successes of vector algebra in image compression, smoothing and signal detection come from the identification of appropriate basis functions.
The time-lapse video was created from the captured images as described in Material and Methods , with a time compression of 3.5 minutes (i.e.
The time-lapse video of the experiment shown in Fig 5Bwas created from the captured images as described in Material and Methods, with a time compression of 3.5 min (i.e.
Images were developed on X-ray film (Kodak, X-Omat, Rochester, NY).
A background-subtracted image of the radioactivity was then obtained by subtracting the background value for each pixel from the original <b>image</b>.
The two traces on top of each image correspond to the time course of the fluo-4 fluorescence averaged across the entire line-scan at -10 mV, which is close to the threshold, and at +90 mV, which produced the maximum Ca 2+transient.
This image was then closed and replaced by an <b>image</b> of the same field showing the neurons and their neurites but not the anatomy of the section.
Microscopy and Video Images
High-resolution digital images of sections from all cases are available at http://www.mbl.org.
Microarray data are generated from multi-step biochemical reactions, scanning/data collection, image analysis and data processing.
These profile-induced structural alignments can be visualized in Rasmol [ 50], and images built using Molscript [ 51] and Rasters3D [ 52].
Time-lapse video for the experiment described in Fig 6with U73343 added at 7 min after MTX, was created from the captured <b>images</b> as described in Material and Methods, with a time compression of 3.5 min (i.e.
In order to analyse the vertebrae, first the location of the spine in the image must be found.
The PCR products were run on 1.5% agarose gels, visualized by ethidium bromide staining and quantitated using the Kodak Digital Image Analysis System (Kodak, New Haven, CT).
5Ashows a line-scan image of a Ca 2+transient stimulated by a 50 ms depolarization to +90 mV from a holding potential of -40 mV in each cell type.
The sequences were constructed using the clustering tool IMAGEne at the IMAGE Consortium web site http://<b>image</b>.llnl.gov.
These two GFP variants, GFP-Vex1 and GFP-Bex1 [ 15 ] , have distinct excitation spectra so that separate images can be obtained for the two fusion proteins and used to generate ratio <b>images</b>.
Cells were destained with water, air-dried, then photographed with a Leica DM IRB phase microscope connected to a Polaroid CCD camera and an Apple Macintosh computer for capturing images.
In addition, an independent quantitative analysis using IP Labs (Signal Analytics, Vienna, VA) and a fluorescence quantitation script [ 70] was performed on each image.
Quantification of hybridization signals was achieved by analysis of the scanned autoradiograms using the NIH Image program (ImagePC).
A high percentage of dense parenchyma on mammographic images, 50-75% as compared with 0-10% of densities depending on the study, appears to confer a fourfold risk of developing breast cancer [ 11].
Each blot was assayed with the four antibodies, stripping the membranes in between each assay.Images of immunoblots were analyzed with a computerized <b>image</b> analysis system (Alpha Innotec Co., San Leandro, CA).
Internal control must ensure that (1) the digital images accurately represent the corresponding paper document, (2) any changes to the original digital <b>image</b> can be detected,
Digital images were acquired using a Spot camera.
Political consultant Rick Dent said it is unlikely that Barnes is attempting to remake his image, especially since it could be construed as a negative by those who believe Barnes is liberal.
The resulted films were scanned, and densitometry was performed with NIH Image program version 1.62 (National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD).
6. The The images were processed with PowerPoint and Adobe PhotoDeluxe Business Edition.
Testing of the digital method showed good inter-observer reproducibility in two independent measurements of 24 subfields (two subfields each from 12 images).
For uniformity of processing, all images were resized with bicubic interpolation so that the distance from the center of the macula to the temporal disc edge was 490 pixels.
5 μm/pixel) images of entire sections were taken from the Mouse Brain Library, and point counting was performed on these <b>images</b> using NIH <b>Image</b> 1.55 http://rsb.info.nih.gov/nih-imageand an Apple Macintosh computer http://www.apple.com.
The image was then thresholded to optimize the signal (the neurites and neurons)-to-noise ratio.
Modic type 2 MRI changes, characterized by increased signal intensity on T1-weighted images and isointense or slightly increased signal intensity on T2-weighted <b>images</b>), showed a progression to disrupted end plates and reactive bone tissue and the presence of fatty marrow.
We found that percentage increases in gray scale value of 3.5, 2.5, 1.5 and 1.0 percent, applied over the inner disc and three outer annuli of diameters 375, 700, 1000 and 1250 μm, respectively, provided essentially complete pattern corrections for some images, partial corrections for some <b>images</b>, but overcorrections (pattern reversal) in none.
Finding the Location of the Spine in the Image
1. A 1.9 MB graphic renditionsuitable for use image and illustration programs.
The observed expression level is a product of complicated protocols, and is subjected to various factors from sample preparation to final image scanning.
Although the cellular mechanisms remain poorly defined, it is now clear that zeiosis is associated with apoptotic cell death (for review [ 24 30 ] ). In static images, the morphological changes associated with apoptosis appear as membrane blebs covering the surface of the cells [ 31 32 33 ] . However, time-lapse <b>images</b> reveal that blebs protrude and retract in a dynamic fashion, a hallmark of zeiosis [ 22 23 ] . Dynamic membrane blebbing appears to involve a dramatic change in the cytoskeleton and may be induced by a caspase-3-mediated cleavage of ROCK-I, a Rho-activated serine/threonine kinase known to stimulate actinomycin-based contractions [ 31 32 33 ] . A similar profile can be seen in the videos of MTX-induced cell death in the presence of U73343 ( Files 2 and 3 ). The cells first <b>lose</b> adhesion to the coverslip, retract and roundup.
Neurite length was assessed by tracing the neurite using the straight-line tool in NIH Image.
1c,1d), although the degradation in the 'moderate' group was more severe and homogeneous than in the 'mild' group (the control images and abundant experience with this model system supports the implicit assumption here that the initial [before IL-1] distribution of GAG was homogeneous).
Typically, each movie collected by Winview (Roper Scientific) was 1 frame/sec for 200 sec, and was subsequently analyzed using NIH image.
A CCD camera (Quantix, Photometrics Ltd., AR) was used to obtain the microscopic images.
Typically, there are about 250-450 hepatocyte nuclei, 20-130 non-hepatocyte nuclei, 50-300 vacuoles and 70-200 sinusoids in any one image.
The resulting image had < 0.005 remaining from the <b>image</b> that was obtained before stripping.
Indeed, one reason we are presenting our particular method is that we found after many trials and errors that none of the standard morphological transform routines (dilations, erosion, closings) or combinations thereof, were able to precisely define the boundary of pathological features in a fundus image.
TN contributed image analysis and software expertise in method development.
Instead we found that individual slides, and indeed individual cell images, displayed both low and high density nanoaggregates.
Images were acquired with a CCD camera and displayed as false <b>color</b> <b>images</b> as previously described [ 18 ] .
Slides were scanned and images for each slide were quantitated using CodeLink Scanning and Analysis Software (Motorola Life Sciences).
A phase and fluorescence image pair was obtained every 30 sec for 40 min.
To examine this observation more quantitatively and to assess whether the rates of GAG accumulation were correspondingly heterogeneous, we examined separately the [GAG] accumulation in three 'regions', namely those with 'high', 'medium' and 'low' [GAG] at week 3 (as specified above, under Image processing), which is illustrated for one sample in Fig.
The phase and EB fluorescence images, taken every 30 sec for 40 min, were merged into a single video with EB fluorescence shown as red pseudocolor.
This step also normalized the images, reducing the variance among the <b>images</b> for the measuring of sclerosis, and helped increase the accuracy of the edge detection, Hough transform [ 21 ] discussed below.
The phase images were contrast enhanced using Debabelizer Pro software (Equilibrium, Sausalito, CA) and merged with the corresponding fluorescent <b>images</b> using Spot ™camera software (Diagnostic Instruments, Sterling Heights, MI).
Images of 3 cells (out of 38) were discarded for having large areas of saturation.
GFP-NFAT localization was monitored by fluorescence microscopy, and images were captured with an Optronics cooled CCD camera and imported into Adobe Photoshop.
Perhaps scanning images before and after amplification could maximize detection without suffering saturation penalties.
GFP-BLM is distributed throughout the nucleolus except for several central regions that appear as holes in the images.
To better appreciate the dynamic nature of bleb formation and to clearly observe the rapid nuclear staining associated with bleb dilation, we created time-lapsed movies in which the bright-field and fluorescence images were merged into a single video (Fig 2, EB.aviand Fig 3, YO-PRO.avi; Additional Data Files section).
Future work might show that they can be detected by differential interference-contrast microscopy and electronic image processing or other techniques, which would greatly facilitate functional studies.
For inversion recovery measurements, images were acquired with nine inversion delays of 16.
The green fluorescence emitted from C/EBPα tagged with GFP and the blue fluorescence emitted from Hoechst 33342-stained DNA were readily distinguished by selectively exciting each fluorophore and capturing fluorescence emissions specific for each fluorophore using appropriate excitation and emission filter sets (Chroma Technology Corporation, Brattelboro, VT) [ 45 ] . The images shown in Fig.
Because the image varies in quality and clarity in different portions of the <b>image</b>, details visible in one portion of the <b>image</b> may not be clearly identifiable in other portions.
Images were captured with an Optronics cooled CCD camera and imported into Adobe Photoshop.
Following gel image analysis and DNA sequence extraction, sequence data were processed in an automated pipeline to: assess EST quality; trim flanking vector sequences; mask repetitive elements; remove contaminated ESTs; identify similarities by BLAST; identify cloning artifacts; and determine which portion of the EST to submit [ 83 ] . The resulting sequences were annotated with similarity information and sequence quality information and submitted to dbEST.
The fluorescent stained images were observed under blue filter excitation and capture excitation <b>images</b> at 488 nm wavelength.
For this movie, the phase and ethidium fluorescence images were merged into a single video.
The images at the top of Figure 6show details from one array in each set.
Phase images were contrast enhanced, digitally merged with the corresponding fluorescent <b>images</b>, and time-lapse videos were created using the SimplePCI software.
Other images were obtained using a Spot digital camera (National Diagnostics) on a Zeiss Axioskop microscope using bright field optics.
The time-lapse video was created from the captured images as described in Material and Methods, with a time compression of 3.5 min (i.e.
High, medium, and low [GAG] regions of the 3-week images were discerned according to the following definitions:
For immunofluorescence, confocal images had a dimension of 1024 by 1024 pixels (0.
A 2.7 MB GIF image of the the correlations between pairs of loci (this file may require increased RAM to download).
Forty images at 0.2 μm Z-steps were collected using a Nikon PlanApo 60×, 1.2 N.A.
Images showing the results of the digestion of the hyaluronic acid by hyaluronidase activity present were captured by scanning the gels.
Images (8-bit gray scale) were stored as averages of sixteen video frames (phase <b>images</b>) or as accumulations of four video frames (fluorescent <b>images</b>) with shutter controllers switching between light and fluorescent illumination.
For the digital montage figure a series of overlapping images were taken and subsequently merged digitally.
We found that percentage increases in gray scale value of 3.5, 2.5, 1.5 and 1.0 percent, applied over the inner disc and three outer annuli of diameters 375, 700, 1000 and 1250 μm, respectively, provided essentially complete pattern corrections for some images, partial corrections for some <b>images</b>, but overcorrections (pattern reversal) in none.
MX generated the null mutation, bred all the mice used for this study and generated the statistical data and the immunocytochemical data with MyoVII, AM conducted the tract tracing studies of cochlear afferents and helped with the histological analysis and assembly of image plates, UP carried out the in situ hybridization for neurotrophins and assembled the plates for these data, BF wrote the manuscript, carried out most of the neuronal tracing and immunocytochemistry for acetylated tubulin and data presentation.
The resulting standardized images had the property that relative variation in brightness on a small scale was preserved with respect to the originals.

Data files were generated from scanned array images in the Affymetrix Microarray Suite Version 4.0 program.
The probe was connected to an ultrasonograph device (Color Doppler, model SSD-830; Aloka Company, Tokyo, Japan) and videorecording of two-dimensional transoesophageal echocardiography <b>images</b> were made for later analysis.
A background value was then estimated for each pixel in each of these images, as follows.
Lastly, despite the use of a wide range of general image analysis tools, their methods, as those in the other references, take no account of the intrinsic background variability, and accordingly can produce errors in a systematic and predictable fashion: inadequate segmentation centrally and over inclusive segmentation in the peripheral macula, as their own illustrations demonstrate.
Clontech array images were analyzed using Atlas <b>Image</b> v1.
If a pixel was situated in the region between or adjacent to DNA spots, and if the spatial derivative of the image at that pixel indicated that it was not part of the overlap region between two intense spots, that pixel was defined to be a background pixel.
The time-lapse video was created from the captured images as described in Material and Methods , with a time compression of 3.5 minutes (i.e.
The size of embryos was determined from their digitized image using the software IPlab (Scanalytics, Inc.
The background is very similar between the images, but the fluorescence intensity of the spots is greatly reduced as the partial and absolute concentration of the cognate antibodies decreases.
We provide a standardized set of in situ expression images prepared using the same hybridization probes, laboratory protocols, and descriptive nomenclature.
The images are then interpreted by on-screen visual inspection, allowing optimal evaluation of the degree of blood flow to the brain.
So the shift in the image of Gates has been an interesting one for me to watch.
Earlier in this century, pansy became a derogatory epithet to describe an effete male, thereby cheapening forever lines like Shelley's noble image in Adonais (verse XXXIII):
Ordinarily this is such a happy sight - an image of the anticipation that we feel inside as the holiday season approaches once again.
People find the value they seek in an image.
In George W.'s case, it's part of his jovial laid-back image.
The ancient Egyptians painted images of food and personal effects in their tombs, <b>images</b> that were to accompany the dead on their last journey, and a rich tradition of European still-life painting slips little reminders of mortality--skulls and flickering candles--among the apples and pears and peeled lemons.
It is the consensus of mnemonists that the more bizarre, sharp, or humorous the image, the more effective the mnemonic.
4. Ensure smooth transition by cultivating image as lovable womanizing drunk.
We have always found ways--excuses, if you like--to look at documentary images of violence and death.
Late Edition 's (CNN) producers juxtapose images of the president's recent visit to disaster territory (casually embracing a black family) with the vice president's (dyspeptic speechifying from behind a lectern), prompting Susan Page and Steve Roberts to seriously question Gore's political viability.
The NYT story stresses the inability of congressional Republicans to soften their image post-Newt Gingrich; the Post notes that Bush's policy positions are still solidly conservative, despite Bauer's and Forbes' assertions to the contrary; and the Journal calls Bush's Tuesday remarks his "Sister Souljah moment"--referring to candidate Clinton's successful 1992 strategy of distancing himself from his party's ideological base.
"C'est si bon ," croons the chanteuse as the black-and-white images tap barely there memories of a better time: "It's so good."
Appropriately, the man charged with the task is a past master at peddling image as product.
If Clinton were going to apologize, Lewinsky's new image would be safe.
As a candidate, Clinton deftly balanced hints of codependency with the image of a leader in control of policy and the political process.
"For my part," the flickering image of Gore intoned, "I have proposed dedicating a significant portion of the budget surplus to Medicare to extend the life of the trust fund."
But as you flip through the present volume, the aggregate mass of images does look "German"--at least according to some received notion of what that is.
Tuesday, Bush warned, "Too often, on social issues, my party has painted an image of America slouching toward Gomorrah.
The mainstream brands base their sales pitches on descriptors such as "gentle," "plush," and "cottony softness," but although names such as Cottonelle trade on the image of cotton, the products are wood-based, whereas one relative newcomer to the market is actually made from the fluffy plant.
Among its many notable bronze images is the Yakushi triad, comprising three blackened-bronze <b>images</b>: the Yakushi Buddha (dedicated to healing and medicine) seated on a medicine chest between Bodhisattvas of the sun and moon.
But by hiring a PR firm to manage his image, wooing reporters with occasional jokes, and bonding with Prime Minister Tony Blair, Charles has staged an astounding revival.
As it was being carried across the site of the present-day monastery, the Santa Faz is said to have suddenly become too heavy to hold, and believers claim that a tear fell from the right eye of the image.
We developed a modified version of the Amigo Gene Ontology Browser, ImaGO [ 28], which incorporates the anatomy ontologies and the image data.
No matter that some folks have a bigger lawn, these images are meant to say: What matters is heart, the desire to do good.
And, since rock's into defining moments, perhaps we can agree that, if July 9, 1955, is Year Zero, then the day David Bowie became the Man Who Sold Himself--for a rock 'n' roller's only inventory is his image and his songs--is Year Zero-Zero-Zero-Zero-Zero-Zero--the $55 million day rock 'n' roll finally gave up on revolution.
The Post reports that Netanyahu presented Clinton with a stack of gross images of Jews and Israelis from Arab newspapers.
Take the stark cover image, for example, of crewmen repairing the Graf Zeppelin in-flight over the Atlantic in 1934.
Glenn has spent 36 years protecting the five hours of his life he spent in space, 36 years living up to an impossibly heroic image.
' " Lord Rees-Mogg said that "[t]he precedents under American law are that Microsoft will not be allowed to expand, or even retain, its present degree of monopoly," and he suggests that Gates take a leaf out of the book of John D. Rockefeller who, in his later years, consulted a public-relations firm and "took to giving out dimes to children in the street in order to soften his image as a hard-hearted businessman."
The image of Mexican authority is inspired by these two extremes: Señor Presidente and Caudillo.
I would love to see them put up something digital against a film image by Freddie Young, even derived from an older (grainier) film stock.
Such a powerful visual image certainly didn't deter the unattractive people from mating with one another--there do seem to be rather a lot of them--while attractive people are in distinctly short supply.
At the end of Whitney's film, Avedon is heard musing on his relationship to Judaism, a religion that regards graven images as sinful.
Timothy Noah's image of the standard old public building ("") seems to be derived from Mayan or Egyptian pyramids, Greek theaters, the Roman Coliseum, and Notre Dame cathedral.
The almost subliminal image tells us, but not the searchers, that they may have missed the rabbit.
If DOJ persuades the court that Windows-IE integration is just one in a series of Microsoft marketing schemes, the company could lose an <b>image</b> war bigger than the courtroom battle.
The paintings and drawings are grouped in such a way that we follow Close's progression from the black-and-white enlargements of the late '60s to his puzzling attempts during the '70s to reproduce in paint the chemical process by which Polaroid cameras make color <b>images</b>.
Could you just talk about each one and talk about how you think that's caused the party's image to go off track and how that informs what you're trying to do now?
2) Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image.
This unforgiving image glories in its sheer seediness.
In fact, beneath Cagney's amoral public image there seems to have been a Norman Rockwell struggling to get out.
All agree that Armstrong is a stylist, producing images "suitable for framing" (Janet Maslin, the New York Times ). (Clips are available here.)
Secretary of State Edwin Stanton, apparently concerned that a trade in such images would develop, refused to allow any to be taken.
I believe the most unsettling image currently extant in popular culture is that of Bob Dole under the influence of Viagra.
The NYT fronts an Alex Kuczynski effort reporting a surprising image manipulation at CBS News.
In the last 60 of those years he made an impressive number of worthy images, full of human dignity and topical picturesqueness and formal achievement.
Gingrich's departure from his freshly cultivated nicey-nicey image is largely unexpected and brings snickers from consistency mavens: "Was that the new old Gingrich or the old new new Gingrich?"
I could cite hundreds of images: A soldier in a rocking boat hovers over a letter he's writing, which is crammed from top to bottom and side to side with script.
In each case, the word is first brought to life with a few images, then rounded off by a question that is answered by the <b>images</b> that follow.
A series of snapshots and images are then a visual resume for McCall.
A photograph of the candidate standing in his Army uniform next to his mother is shown, then the advertisement shifts to McCall talking about education, while images of the candidate looking at a computer screen with a small child and of him surrounded by children appear.
To trash Heston, it even uses the audio/video editor to assemble a Heston speech that Heston did not give, and sequences images and carefully highlighted text to spin the viewer's mind to a wrong conclusion."
The post not only taught me something about the grammar of such images, but more importantly led to me realising that there is a grammar to look for in the first place.
I also liked "Teaching the Overdetermined Image.
I’m sure you will want to keep it and prominently display it to enjoy these striking wildlife images.
And if you have ever experienced to sight of a diving dolphin, you will be brought instantly back to that exciting moment when turning to our August image.
Toyoo, her human lover in “Lust of the White Serpant” cannot shake the image of her beauty from his mind and dreams of her, and finds himself “disturbed and agitated” by her “ethereal beauty”.
She writes, “the final ‘lesson’ of the myth often fades into the background and we retain the image of the erotic, strong, unrepressed (if destructive) woman.”
The wrapping paper and matching gift cards feature delightful holiday wildlife images that will come in handy for wrapping your last minute presents.
These images will be cheerful reminders to you and your gift recipients of all the wildlife treasures we value.
Mirror image: Ole Miss coach David Cutcliffe said that tempo is the only difference between quarterback Eli Manning and his brother Peyton, who played for Cutcliffe at Tennessee.
Karnes carries the image of hundreds of hospital beds in his mind.
In his early villas, Le Corbusier used white-painted pipe railings to create a nautical image; in later buildings like the Carpenter Center for the Visual Arts at Harvard, flat steel bars take the place of pipes.
saya org baru, saja nak tahu........ http://tinyurl.com/cnutsr The BA-K-47 Doesn't Fire Bullets, But It Does Slay PETA Activists [Image Of The Day] : An AK-47 crafted out of b..
An even more interesting image out of Chinese history is the walled village of Kat Hing Wai, in the village of Kam Tin just outside the market town of Yuen Long.
Among other legends surrounding the statue is a very modern one: During the Chinese Cultural Revolution, when Red Guards were running rampant on Wanchai island, just a swim away, the image of St. James is said to have stepped down from the altar and halted an invasion.
I personally always thought it was a risk to pin the image of Microsoft on just one man--at AOL, for example, there was a conscious effort to develop other "characters," for lack of a better word.
So God created man in his own image, in his own <b>image</b> He created him, male and female He created them.
Throughout the years the image of Zozobra changed from a simple twenty-foot puppet to the elaborate forty-foot figure with animated eyes, arms, and mouth that he is today.
All images were observed and photographed at a <b>window</b> width of 1600 Hounsfield units (HU) and a level of -700 HU.
newrecycled FreeGlobal/Images/ClearDot.gif" WIDTH=1 HEIGHT=1 VSPACE=1>."
It is clear from the images in this figure that the major similar segments (lengths 7, 9, and 11) are clearly visible in both <b>images</b>.
Her celebrity image is both frivolous and terrifying: Imagine the souls of Fran Lebowitz and Yogi Berra mingling in a woman who looked like an ancient statue, with a huge, flat face and dark little dots for eyes.
At Pengosekan, just a short walk farther south, the painters concentrate on images of birds and butterflies in idyllic “Garden of Eden” landscapes.
Backscattered electron images taken from laminin-1 treated and control cells were imported into Mathematica ®for quantitative analysis.
So God created man in his own image, in his own <b>image</b> He created him, male and female He created them.
A browser loading home page A sees that it refers to image B and loads that too, then displays the whole thing.
Designed after the temple at Bodh Gaya in India where Buddha reached enlightenment, this soaring spire boasts an image of Buddha on each one of its bricks.
The smallest possible rectangular region fully encompassing each tissue section was captured at a high resolution at 0.64 μm/pixel on a tile-by-tile basis, generating 100-400 individual digital image tiles per slide.
First, the claim might be that freedom and its blessings represent a great gift that no individual “made in God’s image” should be able to forfeit as though it were a disposable piece of property.
Contrary to the easily caricatured image of country musicians as "the real thing," many hillbilly artists were as self-conscious as their pop and folk counterparts.
Buddhist festivals are usually fairly restrained affairs, often involving an important image of the Buddha that might be available for public viewing only on this occasion.
The groups of images assigned to a stage range are arranged in the web-based annotation tool from left to right so that one can follow the pattern through development (Figure 2).
No other legal system, so far as I can tell, relies explicitly on the principle that all human beings are created in the image of God.
The mirror image of a psychic cost is a psychic benefit.
To the right of this temple, on a tall column, is a gilded image of King Yoganarendra Malla (1684–1705) seated on a throne, unperturbed by a hooded cobra hovering over him.
, 7 images) per second.
A nacimiento may resemble a religious altar in that it is an assemblage of many articles and objects, all depicting the recent birth of Jesus Christ in the manger, but a nacimiento can also include other Christmas-related images, biblical scenes, and possibly artifacts relating to the life experiences of the creator.
Because "history moves in response to narratives, dream images, heroes, heroines, and myths," women need to think of themselves as latter-day incarnations of "Diana, avenger of insult; Sheba, a responsible, politically influential sovereign; and Nike, the feminine spirit of victory."
The Japanese were forced out of the Korean peninsula in the sixth century, but not before the Koreans had bequeathed to the Yamato court copies of the sacred images and scriptures of Chinese Buddhism.
Both the orientation of the longitudinal axis and the spatial extent of the crush were recorded by a customized NIH Image macro.
In recent years la migra has acquired a much more sinister image as individual abuses are shown on television evening news programs.
The contemporary surfie [1962] at least partially replaces surfer in its turn though it invokes the image of the “monosyllabic cretin” who speaks two words of English-- yeah and man --streaks his hair with Clairol, and, worst of all, drinks milk.
For the domestic market you’ll find practical items such as the gellabiya — the long shirt-like garment worn by men — and T-shirts, normally featuring images of camels and pyramids.
Images (8-bit gray scale) were stored as averages of sixteen video frames (phase <b>images</b>) or as accumulations of four video frames (fluorescent <b>images</b>) with shutter controllers switching between light and fluorescent illumination.
Since journalists knew they weren't wrong, Reagan's popularity had to be a tribute to his team of Hollywood image makers.
The roguish image of the city’s present might make it easy to forget the city’s glorious past.
The images were taken using the Zeiss AxioCam HRc digital imaging system.
These were positive images of machos.
Machismo describes a stereotypic image of a Chicano/Latino man who is extraordinarily aggressive, stresses dominance over his wife and family, exhibits physical and sexual prowess, and places strong emphasis on masculine rigidity.
They carry an image of the Madonna and move along in a candle-lit procession.
The painting depicts the favor or miracle that occurred, the holy image or saint responsible for the miracle, and a short text that describes what occurred, including the location and <b>date</b> of the event.
For example, if the apparel item is a skirt, the proposed material on the computer image can be changed with a few key strokes.
Her image is found on T-shirts, key rings, low-rider car hoods, and tattooed across adult male chests.
Chicano muralists have painted images of Guadalupe in her traditional Aztec setting on barrio walls since the late 1960s, and often other cultural symbols, such as a low-rider car, are <b>added</b> to emphasize the Chicano experience.
When such an image is found, thousands of people, whether in Mexico or the United States, flock to see and pray before the <b>image</b>.
Before photography, the Paimio Tubercolosis Sanatorium, located in a remote part of Finland, would have remained obscure; as it was, its stunning images brought the young Alvar Aalto worldwide recognition.
When such an image is found, thousands of people, whether in Mexico or the United States, flock to see and pray before the <b>image</b>.
We return to this point later in the address, when Lincoln links “freedom” rather than “liberty” with the image of a new birth.
The image is not too far from how it is imagined that “idiotype” and “anti-idiotype” immune networks work to sustain synthesis of a set of desired antibodies against an incoming pathogen.
Agringado is a particularly strong term in comparison to americanizado, because the word gringo connotes a strong negative image of a North American.
In the 1970s the artist Yolanda Lopez created a memorable image of working mothers by painting a garment worker at a sewing machine within the recognizable blue shield background that is easily acknowledged as the emblem of La Virgen de Guadalupe.
La Adelita is more than a romantic image to modern-day Chicanas.
The creation of folk art is an unconscious aesthetic expression of community social and cultural values, and religious folk art is the aesthetic reproduction of images and symbols for a religious or spiritual purpose.
The recognition that slaves, too, were “made in the image of God” provided a powerful rallying point for a crusade to correct the original mistake of 1787.
When Diego unfolded his tilma in front of the bishop, the roses fell to the floor, and there on the tilma was an image of the Virgin Mary.
In a generalization of our image of a self-constructing biosphere, the universe may construct itself to be as complex and diverse as possible.
Throughout the years the image of Zozobra changed from a simple twenty-foot puppet to the elaborate forty-foot figure with animated eyes, arms, and mouth that he is today.
The category theory image is at least a start with respect to catalytic closure.
The bracero experience has been written about in novels and depicted in numerous movies, and although the image presented is often a negative one, like other Chicano folk heroes the bracero has become an archetype of the culture.
The optical system that produced this image was developed by [TC]2 and is now ready for commercial demonstration.
The common reference to “finally the sleeping giant awakens” when conferring on Mexican American social-political issues is made often by educated and acculturated Chicanos, manifesting an internalization of an image imposed from outside the Mexican culture.
Yet, many of us get our first glimpses of buildings—particularly celebrated buildings—as images in books, magazines, newspapers, public lectures, and exhibitions.
Guadalupe has become a powerful cultural image.
As these rights are formulated, government acquires the image of the interloper, the enemy, the potential violator of our freedom to do as we please.
Tattoos of Christian images have always been popular among Chicanos, and the custom of tattooing <b>images</b> of Jesus Christ, crucifixes, La Virgen de Guadalupe, and other Madonnas has a long history.
Prints can be scanned into the computer and used as the pattern for the visual image.
The computer, on command, then connects the image of the points on its screen with a series of line segments that form the silhouette of the pattern piece.
These images can still be found in murals located in Chicano communities across the United States.
I love that image.
His images of calaveras have been reproduced thousands of times and can be found year-round, but especially during celebrations of Día de los Muertos.
And God said, Let us make man [Adam] in our own image after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the birds of the air, over all the cattle, and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth.
That creation in the image of God resonated in the culture of the abolitionists is undeniable; the advocates of emancipation readily <b>read</b> into the line “all men are created equal” the vision of creation set forth in Genesis 1. If you believe that an individual is created in the <b>image</b> of God, it is difficult to deny his or her ultimate worth.
Home altars vary in size, from a small shelf with one votive candle and one saint or statue, to a large table altar, with many religious images, La Virgen de Guadalupe, flowers, pictures of saints, candles; a structure that can fill up half a room.
A Latino men’s group calling themselves Hombres Latinos was formed in California with the purpose of redefining the image and concept of machismo.
It may contain one or more holy images, of saints or the Virgin Mary, especially La Virgen de Guadalupe, flowers or potted plants, colorful garlands, and votive candles.
The images shown in text Figure 2were taken from this time-lapse film sequence.
If — oh, happy dream — all the old ethnic rivalries could be set aside, most Canadians would acknowledge that Québec is not only the “original” Canada of the first European settlement, but also the province that most comprehensively encompasses within its borders the world’s image of this huge country.
The voice-over informs us that the United States is "preparing to sign" the global-warming treaty and the image warns us that there's a catch--or a cut.
Its imposing 50-m (166-ft) five-story pagoda, Japan’s second-largest after Toji in Kyoto, is one of Nara’s most photographed images.
Because they think their association with him helps their image as well as his.
The images were then processed by Adobe Photoshop 5.5 on a PowerMac G4 computer for the final <b>images</b>.
However, the structure was never finished and lacks the epic reliefs (carved images) found at Philae and Denderah (see pages 70 and 62).
Train recalls the image of a pack-train , a string of the packhorses who carried much of Europe's freight before good roads; and the very strength of machinery has long been measured in horsepower , significantly shortened simply to horses .
Cells were next washed with PBS and the fluorescence images of both oxidized OxyBURST Green H 2 HFF BSA and LysoTracker Red were recorded.
A series of lenses and prisms projects a live image of the city onto a concave viewing screen inside the camera.
The current image of Thompson is that of a hilarious, endearing old goat who's coasting out his three score and ten.
The perfusion data is transformed instantaneously into a greyscale photographic image and a corresponding colour perfusion <b>image</b> is generated, with different colours representing different levels of flow.
Its airy, projecting oriel-shaped balconies are seen as a symbolic image of Jaipur style.
Besides, even more telling than the views of academics are the images of Nixon in popular culture, where he remains resentful, paranoid, and ruthlessly power-hungry.
Immunostaining of P7 cochlear whole mounts using the hair cell specific-myosin VII (MyoVIIa) antibody was performed as previously described [ 2 ] . Images of labeled organs of Corti were then acquired using a SPOT digital camera (Diagnostic Instruments Inc.) and the number of hair cells was scored from acquired <b>images</b>.
Southeast of the city is Thousand Buddha Mountain (Qianfoshan), but instead of a thousand Buddha images you’ll find a hundred today.
In a story headlined "Taliban's image getting a shine," the London Times pointed out that "the Taliban have negotiated with the hijackers, provided food and water to the passengers and welcomed representatives of several governments--none of which recognize the Taliban."
In keeping with its new image, Kuta has begun to acquire the trappings of a modern town, in the form of the multi-story Kuta Center and Galleria shopping and leisure complexes.
Dismal images of Russia unraveling after communism collapsed make an unintended point: At least there was something to unravel, unlike in so much of the rest of the world.
The spots in the right image are much less clear against the high background, but the fluorescent signals are still measurable.
Legend has it that well before Christianity came to the Canaries an image of the Virgin was washed ashore here and worshipped by the Guanches, who were quite oblivious to its Christian significance.
If you can conjure a mental image of Marilyn Monroe, William S. Burroughs, Frank Zappa, or Marianne Moore, chances are you're thinking of an Avedon photograph.
These data are stored electronically and converted into both greyscale photographic and colour-coded perfusion images.
Our popular image of the North American Indian is conditioned by Hollywood’s stereotype — feather headdress, necklace of scalps, and whooping war dances around the campfire — which in fact derived from the prairie tribes, or Plains Indians, as they are known to American anthropologists.
Images of him with his tailored arms across the shoulders of other leaders seem reflections of genuine impulse, all the more poignant in the context of sober modern dress.
Both the image and the microrray datasets are thus linked by a common time scale of developmental stages.
The spectacular, large canvas, the single most famous image of Toledo, fuses the mundane and the spiritual, depicting grave-faced local noblemen attending the count’s funeral.
Additional data corresponding to anomalous splicing, including png image files and text-formatted multiple alignments, is available.
HG provided the X-ray images, evaluated the developed process, provided expertise on the biological aspects and assisted with manuscript writing.
We generated pseudocolored images indicating up and down gene regulation.
Low-magnification images were taken using a dissecting microscope (Leica Wild M10) equipped with a ProgRes 3012 digital camera.
While both techniques required some logic to determine the best values for filtering the image, histogram equalization appeared to be the stronger of the two techniques as it allowed an analysis of the distribution of intensities in the <b>image</b> and adjusted the histogram accordingly.
Images of the correlation matrix for the leukemia dataset are displayed in Figure 8. The three classes corresponding to the ALL T-cell, ALL B-cell, and AML samples clearly stand out in the <b>image</b> of the correlation matrix for the 100 genes with the largest variance, but are indistinguishable in the <b>image</b> of the correlation matrix based on all genes.
The use of such slides is highly recommended, as it ensures that hybridizations with different RNA populations can be identified quickly and linked unambiguously to subsequent image and data analysis.
The correction of GFP-myosin-II images by ratio imaging makes a significant difference to the perceived distribution of myosin-II within the cell; in particular, myosin-II is more concentrated in the cell cortex and in the cleavage furrow cortex than is suggested by uncorrected GFP-myosin-II <b>images</b> alone (Figure 1).

On the photographic image, the sole of the foot was outlined, which equated to a mean of over 17 000 individual perfusion measurements on the corresponding blood flow <b>image</b>, allowing calculation of mean perfusion units (PUs) for each foot for comparison with the other side.
Negative images of the gels were produced under ultraviolet light with Polaroid film type 665, ISO 80/20, positive/negative, black and white (Polaroid, Bedford, Massachusetts).
Many research institutions are also investing in core facilities that, after the fashion of the Brown laboratory [ 5, 6], are producing their own filter and/or glass arrays from PCR products of clones from the Integrated Molecular Analysis of Genomes and their Expression (IMAGE) consortium, or other clones.
The first step in the semi-automated method was therefore to apply the above correction to the green channel of the standardized image if luteal pigment was present.
The move could also help Barnes clean up the "King Roy" image that dogged him during his re-election campaign and contributed to his surprise loss to Sonny Perdue on Nov. 5. Asked about his legacy Tuesday, Barnes was cautious: "I'm not a big one on legacy; that's up to others to determine."
Images were processed with Adobe Photoshop.
The mean [GAG] for a sample at a given time point was computed as the mean [GAG] calculated across all cartilage-containing pixels of the image.
Concomitantly, however, disc degeneration, by changing stress patterns on end plate bone, may also cause increases in bone density in parts of the end plate subjected to greater stress [ 24 25 26 27 ] . Modic et al have provided the major clinical study of end plates in degenerating discs [ 28 ] . They reported that discs which showed in an MRI a decrease in signal intensity on T1-weighted spin-echo images and increased signal intensity on T2-weighted <b>images</b> (Modic type 1) exhibited disruption and fissuring of the end plates.
A reference set of 24 images was selected for validation.
Cell numbers were quantitated using NIH Image software, and adhesion assays are graphed as the percentage of input cells remaining after washing.
The company's motivations include creating a positive image with customers, limiting liability, improving compliance with regulations, lowering insurance and accident costs, improving the company's <b>image</b> with employees and thereby increasing loyalty, furthering good community and employee relations, reducing waste and, most importantly, saving money.
Image processing
Double-label images were created using Photoshop to merge individual red and green <b>images</b>.
There is a long sequence of steps in the laboratory as well as in the image analysis before a single number is produced for an expression level, and there are many potential sources of error.
The surface measurements were performed with the NIH Image 1.62 software.
Digitized images were adjusted for brightness and contrast in Corel Photopaint v. 4.0 (Corel Corp.).
An overview of the experimental design is presented in Table 1, and an example of a microarray image generated by hybridisation of pig skeletal muscle RNA to a human cDNA nylon microarray is shown in Figure 1. The complete dataset is provided as an additional file, see Additional file 1: [data.xls].
Thirty-two fluorescence video images of cells were digitized (16 bits) and averaged using the Metamorph <b>Image</b> Processing system (Universal Imaging Corp., Media, PA).
Images were analyzed using Atlas <b>Image</b> v1.
The captured images were ordered according to the developmental stage of the embryos in order to visualize the change of the expression pattern over time.
Absolute signals result from the image analysis and are the values extracted from the pixel intensities of each spot, whereas relative signals are log-ratios of absolute signals versus measured or calculated background probe signals.
Ten micrograms of total RNA from each sample was used for RNase protection assay (mCK -2b and -3b Multi-Probe Template Sets, PharMingen, San Diego, CA, USA), exposed to a Phosphor screen, and quantified by a Phosphorimager with the use of Image Quant software (Molecular Dynamics, Sunnyvale, CA, USA).
All raw image files, processed <b>image</b> files, and difference analyses are posted on a web-queried SQL database interface to our Affymetrix LIMS Oracle warehouse (see http://microarray.cnmcresearch.org: link to "programs in genomic applications", "data", "human").
Quantitation of fluorescent labeling was performed on confocal images collected using calibrated microscope channel settings for cells grown 1-5 days.
Owing to undetected IMAGE or Unigene number duplications on the submitted list of 955 genes, only 945 unique clones were received.
Two low light level images of each cell were obtained at green emission region (λ em = 515-565 nm), under sequential excitation by first at λ ex 485 nm, and then at λ ex 440 nm (10-nm band width).
Examination of cells expressing both kinases demonstrated that a portion of Fyn co-localized with a portion of the Rlk protein as indicated by the yellow staining in overlapping images (center panel).
A high percentage of dense parenchyma on mammographic images appears to confer a fourfold risk of developing breast cancer [ 11].
The specimens were examined using an Olympus BH-2 microscope and analyzed by computer image analysis (AnalySIS, Soft Imaging System GmbH, Münster, Germany).
When integrated intensity within a specified region about the center of the spot is used to represent the magnitude of hybridization, it is then useful to model the image as the sum of superimposed two-dimensional spot functions.
Pairs of images of Bex1 and Vex1 GFPs were recorded in rapid succession (<500 ms) by switching bandpass excitation filters between 479-501 nm and 398-413 nm using a Lambda 10-2 filter wheel controller (Sutter Instrument Co.).
The dataset we present here comprises embryonic expression patterns for about one-sixth of all Drosophila genes, documented with extensive digital images, controlled vocabulary annotations and microarray profiles.
Ratio image analysis
The immunoreactive bands were quantified by optical density measurements using an imaging system (Fotodyne, Hartland, WI, USA) and analyzed on an IBM Pentium II 350 computer using the public domain NIH Image program Scion <b>Image</b> Beta 4.02 (at http://www.scioncorp.com:8080/Downloads/fr_login.htm).
Images were analyzed for density using <b>Image</b> Pro Plus™ <b>image</b> analysis software (Media Cybernetics, Silver Springs, MD).
In order to obtain an image where the vertebrae were clearly defined, it was necessary to eliminate as much of the background noise and other objects in the <b>image</b> as possible.
Images were analyzed using Atlas <b>Image</b> v1.
The overestimation noise in the standard USM (image A) again masks many of the shorter similar segments seen in the Boolean USM (<b>image</b> B).
, 7 images) per second.
Images were stored in 3-D arrays with an isotropic voxel size of 34 μm.
The fluorescence images were used to determine dye uptake as a function of time.
Likewise, variation in the placement of the ovals in the interactive steps would lead to local irregular variability in the final leveled image.
On review, intra-observer disagreements appeared to be more due to the subjective choice of threshold for final segmentation rather than to disparities in the final background-leveled image to which the threshold was applied.
The images were then processed by Adobe Photoshop 5.5 on a PowerMac G4 computer for the final <b>images</b>.
Video images were captured via a CG-7 Frame Grabber (Scion Corporation, Frederick, MD) into the HP Kayak XU800 PC Workstation (Hewlett-Packard Company, Grenoble, France).
Images were analyzed for density using <b>Image</b> Pro Plus™ <b>image</b> analysis software (Media Cybernetics, Silver Springs, MD).
Another application of this method to a drusen image is seen in Fig 4. The first frame is the standardized <b>color</b> <b>image</b>, which then was contrast-enhanced in Photoshop for ease of drusen visualization (middle frame).
All false positives, determined by visual inspection of the images, which were greater than 2-fold different between duplicate arrays were removed.
In order to obtain an image where the vertebrae were clearly defined, it was necessary to eliminate as much of the background noise and other objects in the <b>image</b> as possible.
, the influence of "peer pressure" and the awareness of advertising images/distortions).
In a typical TMA study, every TMA core is associated with a rich variety of data elements (image, tissue diagnosis, patient demographics or other biomaterial description, quantified experimental results).
The phase and EB fluorescence images, taken every 30 sec for 40 min, were merged into a single video with EB fluorescence shown as red pseudocolor.
This was confirmed using quantitative image analysis (data not shown).
Hybridization and image processing
Immunohistochemical color <b>images</b> were loaded into Scion <b>Image</b> software, converted to RGB (red), and mean densities evaluated in the areas of 20 × 20 pixels (400 values).
The images of the control samples showed relatively stable [GAG] over the culture period (Fig.
Cells were visualized on a Nikon DIAPHOT-TMD inverted microscope and images were digitized as described above.
To obtain figures, the captured video images were copied into the Microsoft ®Power-Point ®97 SR-2 (Microsoft Corporation, Redmont, WA) PC software and size reduced to allow multiple pictures per page.
Image Processing
Both the orientation of the tract and its spatial extent were recorded by an NIH Image macro program custom-made for this analysis.
Images were transferred to a PC using Matrox software (Matrox Graphics, Montreal) and analyzed with Matrox and <b>Image</b> Pro Plus (Media Cybernetics) programs.
The images were saved as 24-bit RGB TIFF files, with 256 levels of intensity value for each <b>color</b> channel.
In order to quantitate objectively the time course of GAG recovery relative to the degree of GAG depletion, GAG maps were registered using Adobe Photoshop (Adobe Systems, Inc, San Jose, CA, USA) in order to allow chosen regions of interest to be automatically analyzed across multiple images from successive imaging sessions.
The edges of the end plates were not clearly visible because different threshold values needed to be used for separate portions of the image.
This image lowers expectations for government effectiveness.
B-mode images were measured during diastole to determine vessel diameter.
The PCR products were run on 1.5% agarose gels, visualized by ethidium bromide staining and quantitated using the Kodak Digital Image Analysis System (Kodak, New Haven, CT).
Images were captured on a Nikon TE300 inverted microscope with appropriate neutral density filtering using an Apo 100 × /1.
The scanned array images were analyzed using Affymetrix Microarray Suite and dChip software [ 37].
In some cases, gray scale images were pseudo-colored to correspond to the red (Rhodamine), green (FITC) or blue (DAPI) fluorescence, and the digital <b>images</b> were merged.
The image was segmented such that each segment contained vertebrae of similar orientation.
Computer-assisted measurements (using Adobe Photoshop 6.0, Adobe Systems Inc., San Jose, CA; NIH Image 1.62, US National Institutes of Health, http://rsb.info.nih.gov/nih-image/) were made from scanned SEM micrograph negatives investigating four parameters (magnifications are in parentheses): 1. anterior ellipsoid angle of fetal nuclear fibers (40-60 X), 2. posterior ellipsoid angle of fetal nuclear fibers (40-60 X), 3. embryonic nuclear polar axis length (200-400 X), and 4. average number of embryonic nuclear fiber compaction folds over a 20 μm distance (2000 X).
For all these reasons, the most useful factor in correlating microarray and image data is the relative fluctuation of signal intensity over the course of development.
Phase images were contrast enhanced, digitally merged with the corresponding fluorescent <b>images</b>, and time-lapse videos were created using the SimplePCI software.
Any nonquantifiable benefits, such as improved service and enhanced organizational image.
Custom written software in C and Mathematica ®was used to generate detailed, quantitative membrane fluorescence information from each cell image [ 28 29 ] . In the first phase, the intensity of membrane fluorescence as a function of position is tabulated (Figure 7B,7C, Raw Data).
For a detailed qualitative and quantitative 3-D evaluation, whole femoral bones were examined by a desktop μCT system (μCT 20, Scanco Medical AG, Bassersdorf, Switzerland) equipped with a 10 μm focal spot microfocus X-ray tube as a source [ 12 ] . For image acquisition, the specimen was mounted on a turntable shifted automatically in an axial direction over 216° (180° plus half fan angle on either side), taking 600 projections.
Most interestingly, a heterogeneous distribution of lysosomes with elevated pH was observed by ratiometric images as shown in Figure 4. Here, lysosomal pH in untreated cells is very homogeneous, and estimated to be 4.3-4.
In the image, the higher the intensity value, the more bony sclerosis is present (i.e.
The surface measurements were performed with the NIH Image 1.62 software.
Images were obtained using Spot software (Diagnostic Instruments) and figures were constructed using Adobe Photoshop and Canvas (Deneba Systems) software.
The measurements were often closer for those images with scanty drusen (<10%) in which Grader 2 made estimates to within 1%, but these findings were not statistically significant.
MATLAB (The Math Works, Natick, MA, USA) was used to create a T1 map by curve-fitting each T1-weighted image series on a voxel-by-voxel basis.
A grid was superimposed over each image (Figure 6) and used to obtain the frequency of squares within which there were 0, 1, 2, or 3 structures.
5 μg/ml) and viewed on a Zeiss axiophot fluorescence microscope with images taken with a CCD cooled camera, or with a Zeiss LSM 510 NLO multiphoton confocal microscope using the 488 nm and 647 nm lines of the Ar/Kr laser for FITC.
To display the fastest bands, representing TASs most proximal to the CR gene, the images of the "bottom" of the 3.5 lanes are shown along side the <b>images</b> of their respective lanes.
The fluorescence images were used to quantify dye uptake.
Initial image processing was done using Bio-Rad LaserSharp software running on a Compaq PC; final processing and printing of <b>images</b> was done using Adobe Photoshop 7.0 software.
All profiling data presented here is available on our web site ( http://microarray.CNMCResearch.org; data link), as image (.dat), absolute analysis (.chp), and ASCII text conversions of .chp (.txt) for each individual profile (see http://microarray.cnmcresearch.org/pga.htmfor file descriptions and use).
Composite images of NRL (Fig.
The development of analytical strategies for analyzing biological time-series will continue to be important as new real-time methods (potentially including images of tissues) provide greater access to molecular and physiological cycles.
The external diameter of the abdominal aorta was measured using NIH image software (Version 1.62, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD) on an accelerated Power Mac 7500/100 (Apple Computer, Cupertino, Ca).
5. Each of the membrane's sixteen 12 × 30-spot arrays was extracted from the original image file, along with a border of pixels corresponding to one spot width.
In some cases, gray scale images were pseudo-colored to correspond to the red (Rhodamine), green (FITC) or blue (DAPI) fluorescence, and the digital <b>images</b> were merged.
CGH was performed using previously published methods [ 11 ] . Seven to 10 separate metaphases were captured and processed using the Quantitative Image Processing System (Quips Pathvysion system, Applied Imaging, Santa Clara, CA).
The captured color <b>images</b> were processed with Scion <b>Image</b> analysis program (Scion Corporation) based on NIH <b>Image</b> software (Wayne Rasband, NIH, Bethesda, MD).
