Do you remember the combination of elation and apprehension you felt when you first left home?
My guess is that such a quantity might be reached if one counted all the permutations and combinations; in reality, though, there are probably far fewer actual words.
When others were around, & I began spouting weird combinations of things like that, I’d get sidelong glances, raised eyebrows, contorted expressions.
Vanadyl has been used to estimate the types of groups that serve as metal-ligands in F 1 -ATPase and other enzymes [ 16 18 19 21 ] because the g and A tensors of the 51V hyperfine couplings are approximately a linear combination of tensors from each type of group that contributes an equatorial ligand [ 24 27 ] .
When ADP is the substrate and generates species D1, one water molecule and a combination of three groups between carboxyl groups and phosphates serve as the equatorial ligands of bound VO 2+on sCD39.
The probable combination of carboxyl groups and phosphates for species D1 is one carboxyl group and two phosphates since VO 2+complexes ADP through two phosphates before VO 2+-ADP is bound to the enzyme.
Antie will be a fully autonomous, situated and embodied agent, infiltrating a red harvester ant colony and providing valuable information not only about the hypothesized rules of these ants’ behaviors and their task-switching thresholds, but also about the combination of complex behaviors into a single autonomous system with the ability to switch between behaviors as necessary.
This creates both a smooth transition to the second theme and a strong sense that a new section is beginning, a combination that is generally rather difficult to forge.
Isolated lakes are generally due to local events such as landslides or collapses, which form a dam, but clustered lakes are due to regional processes, which may be related to climate (or paleoclimate), neotectonic deformation, or frequently a combination of these processes.
In the Silicon Valley, collective actions unfold through a combination of mutual interests, intellectual curiosity, and problem solving geared towards developing new markets, technologies, products, or applications for computers.
Together, the combination of behaviours supports current high-technology or film-making projects while it simultaneously develops people for further opportunities.
It's an odd combination - knowing you don't really have a solid grasp on a subject, but still being convinced that one's core principals are enough to overcome any obstacle.
In addition, the combination of emission reductions and timing is not feasible and could threaten the reliability of electricity supply.
ion of excessive borrowing, risky investments, and lack of transparency put the financial system on a collision course with crisis. Clearly, this vulner
Perhaps then, it is a combination of some of these?
Nonetheless, I am apt to believe that homosexuality is the product of some kind of combination of genetic and environmental causes.
In combination with other factors and the policies of the Reorganization Act, these
are a powerful combination.
Macau’s own cuisine is a combination of Chinese flavors with the flavors imported from Portugal, Brazil, and Africa.
Thus, the final gene inventory might depend in part on chance combinations of gene order and deletions occurring early in the process of genome reduction.
Do you remember the combination of elation and apprehension you felt when you first left home?
Depending on the combination of primary antibodies, cells were incubated for 60 min with goat anti-mouse (GAM) or goat anti-rabbit (GAR) IgG's conjugated with either FITC or rhodamine (Sigma Chemical Co., Louis, MO).
The paper notes that Brown made the announcement in the gourmet kitchen of his $2 million combination home and workspace.
Exons and the proximal promoter of the mouse Myoc gene were amplified from mouse genomic DNA using the following combinations of primers:
The combination of methodologies in the study of the same phenomenon or construct; a method of establishing the accuracy of information by comparing three or more types of independent points of view on data sources (for example, interviews, observation, and documentation; different investigations; different times) bearing on the same findings.
2-, 3- or 4-color flow cytometric analysis was performed on all samples following a standard red cell lysis method using mouse monoclonal antibodies directed against CD45 (clone 2D1, peridin-chlorophyll-a-protein [PerCP]-conjugated,) as well as various combinations of CD26 (fluorescien isothiocyanate [FITC]-conjugated), CD3 (SK7, FITC or phycoerythrin [PE]), CD4 (SK3, PE), CD7 (4H9, FITC), CD8 (SK1, FITC or PE), CD19 (SJ25C1, FITC) and CD26 (L272, FITC).
The first is a purely automatic synthesis from a combination of analyses to predict gene models.
These results, in combination with the aggregate data comparing baseline and immediate post-tests, suggest that Tar Wars is having a positive impact on these children.
As for schnoz , it does sound Yiddish, there does exist a verb schneitzen `to blow one's nose,' and the shn - combination does connote something to do with the nose; but there is no word shnozzle in Yiddish, only noz or, in the alternate dialect, nuz . Phudnik is not a Yiddish word but was clearly formed on the Yiddish root -nik , which also occurs in Slavic.
In combination with other concurrent genomic analyses [ 31 32 33 34 ] , it is likely that most miRNAs in completed animal genomes have now been identified.
Instead, research points to a combination of factors that influence the personal saving rate.
Breastfeeding is associated with a lower incidence of infant diarrhoea and respiratory disease, particularly in less developed countries [ 1 ] . A recent ecological study on breastfeeding showed that more than half of all infant deaths from diarrhoeal disease and acute respiratory infections in Latin America are preventable by exclusive breastfeeding in infants aged 0-3 months and partial breastfeeding throughout the remainder of infancy [ 2 ] . The theoretical basis for this may be a combination of the nutritional and immunomodulatory effects of human milk [ 3 ] . Since 2001, the WHO recommends exclusive breastfeeding up to the age of 6 months (World Health Assembly Resolution 55.
This tradeoff between enumerating all possible words and capturing degenerate positions in binding sites was compounded by the very large number of pairwise word combinations that were enumerated.
Alternately, Clontech type II slides in combination with the Telechem spotting buffer also gave good results in terms of printing and hybridization results.
Finally, expression of the endogenous CYP2B6 gene in CAR expressing HepG2 cells is modestly inhibited by LG1069 alone, androstanol alone and the combination of both.
In Word Groups, the letterplay shifts to words that look ordinary alone but become unusual in combination.
EXPENSE -Outflows or other using up of assets or incurrences of liabilities (or a combination of both) during a period from providing goods, rendering services, or carrying out other activities related to an entity's programs and missions, the benefits from which do not extend beyond the present operating period.
IL-4, similar to TNF-α and IL-1 inhibitors, has been shown be therapeutic for the treatment of murine CIA when administered intravenously as a recombinant protein, either alone or in combination with IL-10.
Although this patient had no known risk factors, the onset of seizures began in combination with other clinical manifestations of SSZ toxicity.
… The Indian achievement is a combination of lightness and gravitas, of bridging the gap between the highbrow and the middlebrow, and rediscovering for itself the inextricable link between the body, mind and soul."
However, overestimation of the effect of the investigated combination may still exist.
By this measure, the companies' analysts figure, the combination of Staples' 553 superstores in 100 markets across the United States and Canada and Office Depot's 571 North American outlets (mostly superstores) would still command less than 10 percent of the market.
A morpheme is the smallest unit of meaning in a language; a bound morpheme is one that appears only in combination with another morpheme, such as the suffixes and prefixes of English.
We found that 5-Aza-2'-deoxycytidine treatment alone or in combination with n-butyrate resulted in reactivation of gene expression in most cell lines that showed promoter methylation.
Assume that we can, for every combination of values of the significance level α and the fudge constant S 0 , calculate ( FP, FN ). The goodness criterion is then formulated in terms of the distance of the points ( FP, FN ) to the origin (which point corresponds to no false positives and no false negatives, see Figure 2), which in mathematical symbols may be put as
In an attempt to reduce the redundancy in the enhancer and identify combinations of ~50-bp deletions that, together, would completely eliminate replication enhancer function, we constructed double and triple deletions so that each ~50-bp stretch was deleted in combination with one or two flanking ~50-bp stretches to the left and to the right.
a combination of the three.
Free floating sections were incubated in a combination of rabbit anti β-galactosidase at a dilution of 1/1 k and goat anti ChAT at a dilution of 1/100, overnight at 4°C followed by a combination of donkey anti rabbit tagged with tetramethyl rhodamine isothiocyanate (TRITC) and donkey anti goat tagged with aminomethylcoumarin acetate (AMCA) each at a dilution of 1/50, at room temperature for 60 minutes.
Alternatively, since the combination of protein kinase C and calcium signaling is sufficient to activate JNK [ 9, 38], Btk could activate JNK indirectly through activation of PLCγ2.
We then select the combination of probability distributions giving the largest average ln P ( S ).
However, it could also arise from a monomer in combination with another cellular factor.
Garpike embryos, however, possess combinations of features whose investigation should prove valuable in the areas of development, evolution and taxonomy.
We determined empirically, by analyzing large amounts of cDNA array data and testing different combinations of high and low exclusion percentages, that ignoring the bottom 60% and top 10% of signals led to scaling factors that were consistent and well behaved (for example, the mean and median of the resulting distributions were approximately equal).
Since we observed a significant increase in TGF-β mRNA expression in lymphocytes from patients treated with combination of TAC and SRL compared to TAC/MMF/Aza, we also studied circulating levels of total TGF-β protein in acid activated sera from these patients.
The debate over evolution is probably the best-known example of the literalists' combination of rock hard belief and relentless point by point challenge of the rationalist side.
After 24 h the medium was replaced with fresh medium containing ADR alone or in combination with NOM (20 μM).
Although combinations of colistin with β-lactams are reported to be of unproven benefit [ 24 25 ] , a recent study conducted in an in vitro pharmacodynamic model [ 28 ] reported synergy with ceftazidime for P. aeruginosa sensitive to colistin but resistant to other antibiotics, including ceftazidime.
DT indicates a combination of delay in seeking therapy and faster development of new cavities.
A quadratic regression classifier was used to develop a scheme that defined treated and control groups in three datasets: gene expression, tissue feature and the combination of both.
We call these sets of substitutions "KK" (K785E and K786A), "TK" (T793A and K795E), and "KKTK" (K785E, K786A, T793A, and K795E; a combination of the KK and TK sets) (Fig.
Several retinoid and non-retinoid ligands have been described, which activate one or a combination of RAR isoforms.
For each phenotypic trait distribution and each parameter combination (Table 1and 2) we analyzed, via least squares, 1000 simulated data sets using both the single marker regression model and the two marker regression model.
Significantly fewer cells produced IL-4 alone (1 ± 0%) as compared with normal blood ( P < 0.05) or RAPB ( P < 0.05) T cells, whereas no significant difference was observed in the number of cells that produced the combination of IL-4 and IFN-γ (2 ± 0%).
In the 1980s, this combination proved doubly vulnerable to the New Right's critique: Women's careers bore the bloodstains of abortions.
In the 16-station OSCE, nine different formats were used alone or in combination: question and answer, preceptor role play, standardized patients, actual patients, mechanical or structural models, 35-mm slides, audiotape, videotape, and CD-ROM (Table 1).
Nevertheless, many of these firefighters died, either because they delayed their evacuation to assist civilians, attempted to regroup their units, lacked urgency, or some combination of these factors.
To examine a wider range of promoter and polymerase combinations, a promoter library was constructed in which positions -8 through -11 in the promoter were completely randomized; each of these nucleotides had previously been shown to be extremely important for the specificity of interactions with T7 RNA polymerase [ 6 7 9 11 ] . Conversely, residues Asn 748, Arg 756, and Gln 758 were known to form sequence specific contacts with this region of the promoter [ 2 ] . The promoter library was combined with the gene library in order to create approximately 51,200 (4 4× 20 3) combinations of promoters and polymerases.
In contrast to Estoril’s pretentions, Cascais is an agreeable combination of fishing port, residence for aristocrats, and tourist resort.
Diagnosis was usually indexed in combination with a neuromuscular dysfunction term as a subheading.
DiVerent combinations of positions and velocities now correspond to diVerent sets of 6N numbers.
We presume that the manifestation of the non-present genes as a left-side tail rather than a peak is due to a combination of divergence on the nucleotide-sequence level (see below), cross-hybridization and variability inherent in the calculation of ratios for small signal-intensity values.
Since the conformation corresponding to species D2 is found in the presence of ATP and is likely to be the conformation that releases bound VO +2-ADP, it is likely that the VO +2ligands are one phosphate and two carboxyl groups [ 25 ] . When ADP is the substrate and generates species D1, one water molecule and a combination of three groups between carboxyl groups and phosphates serve as the equatorial ligands of bound VO 2+on sCD39.
Here we describe iGAP and the initial results on the analysis of A. thaliana , the first proteome processed, using a combination of web interface and SQL queries (Figure 2).
The point mutation and deletion mutation were constructed by a method involving oligonucleotides synthesized to contain a mutation in combination with wild-type oligonucleotides in PCR amplifications of fragments of the cDNA.
In each of these combinations, the actual equipment associated with the ACI system is similar.
The best I can describe the process for me is that it resembles noodling on a piano: I run rhythms and sentences--or maybe not even sentences, the shapes of sentences--across one another, trying out their sounds, and sometimes I get a tune-like combination of sound and syntax that makes me want to go on, extend and refine it, as it comes to dredge sustenance from the great pool of feelings and ideas that accumulates in a life.
Nevertheless, the statistical test that corresponds to the treatment of data depicted in Figures 9, 10only tells us that the phases are different; it is not possible to determine whether this difference comes from the temporal distribution or the variability or a combination of the two.
The scoring function for minimisation is primarily a combination of the all-atom function, a hydrophobic compactness function, and a bad contacts function [ 40 ] . The primary search technique we used was a Metropolis Monte Carlo (MC) procedure where conformations are accepted or rejected based on the Boltzmann's equation [ 41 ] . Each trajectory was allowed 50,000 iterations, starting with a high temperature such that 99% of the moves were accepted for the first 1000 steps and "cooled" linearly until only 1% of the moves were accepted for the last 100 steps.
These protections, enacted to encourage truth before trial, have the paradoxical effect , when publicized, of making Lewinsky appear crazy, mendacious, guilty, or some combination thereof.
So Jovovich, who is the Fifth Element, and who, in combination with the Stones, has the power to save mankind, teams up with her Galahad, a fair-haired Bruce Willis, to Retrieve them.
Future secondary prevention studies should look at patients with stable or unstable disease and will need to address the comparative efficacy of different statins (or newer agents), assess the incremental benefit of combination therapy [ 30 ] and determine whether there is a serum cholesterol 'floor' below which reductions are unlikely to provide further clinical benefit.
While the manuscript was under review, results of a clinical trial had been published showing that a systemic combination treatment with IFNg and GM-CSF for as long as 9-weeks failed to induce MHCII on tumor cells in 9 out of 15 hepatocellular carcinoma patients.
Rip1-Tag2 mice were given the combination treatment at 10-weeks and again at 13-weeks of age for an intervention trial, or at 13 and 16-weeks for a regression trial.
It is possible that radiation-induced, tumor-infiltrating dendritic cells may facilitate sustained activation and infiltration of the adoptively transferred CD4 +T cells in solid tumors in the combination group.
