The name "Juno" may derive from the Etruscan goddess Uni (which means "the one", "unique", "unit", "union", "united") and "Moneta" either from the Latin word "monere" (remind, warn, or instruct) or the Greek word "moneres" (alone, unique).
My name is Jennifer Wilson I am a dying woman who have decided to donate what I have to you/ church/charity Organizations.
All that is expected of you is to go and sign or endorse the necessary documentation/representation in your favor/name.
Name In Full, 2.
So Please you should contact me immediately if you accept to carry on this project with your complete contact informations Comprising your Complete Names,Address, Direct Telephone and Your ccupation so that I can put you in contact with the establishment where the money was deposited or a lawyer to enable you arrange with them on how to secure the money for the purpose mentioned above,
My name is Mrs Linda Yace.
User name current e-mail: ( ) Email Current Password: ( ) Re-confirm the password: ( )
I apologize if the content hereunder are contrary to your moral ethics, but I had to reach you through this medium and further do respond to me using my secured email address underneath my names below.
SEND THE FEE VIA WESTERN UNION MONEY TRANSFER RECEIVER'S NAME: ELIAS UDEALOR ADDRESS: LAGOS,NIGERIA TEXT QUESTION: GOOD ANSWER: UN AMOUNT: $154 Dollars only AS SOON AS YOU SEND THE FEE MAKE SURE YOU SEND ME THE PAYMENT INFORMATION.
so I would like you to think over this huge privilege that i am entrusting to your hand for the survival of the casualties and homeless, just send me your full names, home address, telephone number, occupation and more information about you in your next message for the service of God in your country and for the less privilege one's.
And any attempt for me to try and move this fund alone in my name will cause me more problems than I can imagine as an African young boy, as the government may bent on taking this money from me and my sister.
My name is Miss Priscilla.
Greetings to you in the name of God.
My name is Mrs. Marcus Mariam, i am 46years old, from Miami Florida USA.
Officer's Name: Adams Okechukwu.
It will interest you to know that we have discovered an outstanding unpaid/unclaimed sum of money in favor of your name and a mandate has been given to this body, World Fund Discovery Management And Payment Bureau to ensure that this fund gets to you without any delay.
Your Full Name: (2) Residential Address: (3) Phone, Fax and Cell Phone: (4) Profession, Age and Marital Status: (5) Company/Business Name: (6) Your Private Email address:
Your Full Name: (2) Residential Address: (3) Phone, Fax and Cell Phone: (4) Profession, Age and Marital Status: (5) Company/Business Name: (6) Your Private Email address:
I called to give you the information through phone as internet hackers were many but i cannot reach you yesterday even this morning.So,I decided to email you the MTCN and sender name so that can pick up this USD5000.00 to enable us send another USD5000.00 by tomorrow as you knows we will be sending you only USD5000.00 per day.Please pick up this information and run to any western union in your country to pick up the USD5000.00 and send us email back to send you another payment tomorrow.
MTCN : 150 327 4197 Sender's First Name: MANUEL Sender's Last Name: LARIOS CRESPO Question: Honest Answer:Trust Amount:5000.00USD.
MTCN : 150 327 4197 Sender's First Name: MANUEL Sender's Last Name: LARIOS CRESPO Question: Honest Answer:Trust Amount:5000.00USD.
Dear Name :
That, & your boarding pass is sticking out of your pocket with the airline’s name facing out.
Enclude the original ficlet name in your sequel.
What's your name?
My first choice was a nine year old girl; Alisha was her name.
All I did was call out her name and she walked over to me.
My name is Makatrice, and I was there.
The girl now known as Alice Black was, in her youth, known by the name of Alice Lepic, daughter of Pierre Lepic, Dawn, and of Claire Anderson, also of an important station, 9:00 in the morning.
I laugh at how he says Edwins name.
Kyle,” his name came out with some difficulty.
This strong willed girl will fight harder than any soldier ever has and will release her homeland from its suffering, and forever leave her name in glory, Rain.
Whats your name?
ya, hehe, sorry, my name is Peyton, Peyton Dallas.
I just want to know your name.
A necklace with your name on it.
My name.
She'd known she had these powers all her life, but she didn't know they had names.
Well you already know my name"?
What’s your name?
I’m sorry, my real name isn’t Maisie.
p>Employee Name: Mark A. Palmer Status last changed by: Automated Administrator Expense Report Name: March 2001 AMEX Report Total: $6,539.82 Amount Due Employee: $6,539.82 <\p>
p>Employee Name: John Hardy Jr Jr.
For one, it counters the high name recognition of Andrew M. Cuomo, McCall's opponent, by offering voters a straightforward introduction to the candidate, emphasizing his long list of high-level jobs in both the public and private sector.
The reason the sentence is highlighted is not to deceive the viewer into believing that Heston hurried to Flint to immediately hold a rally there (as will become quite obvious), but simply to highlight the first mention of the name "Kayla Rolland" in the text, which is in this paragraph.
You make the hysterical claim that the interview "may be faked" (on the basis that no name is shown for the interviewee), but if Moore had faked it, why the hell should he put this sentence in the protestor's mouth, which directly contradicts the conclusion that the rally happened hours after Kayla's death?
Please USE them on your correspondence to help get our name in front of as many people as possible.
The catch-all name for circadian misalignment, the disruption of sleep cycles and circadian rhythms.
"Calling him by his first name.
He had made his name with a home capturador.
Know this, my future self: Thanks to us, Emil Malaquez's name will live as long as his masterpiece, "A Self-Portrait: Anguish," endures.
So much so that the name ‘Silicon Valley’ has come to be synonymous with the electronics industry.
In the name of “wolf control,” wolf killers will predictably once again use aircraft to hunt wolves to the point of exhaustion, so that the wolves have, literally, no chance of survival.
Our best option looks like we will go to "North Coast" or "California" for our front label appellation, and discuss the grape source, vineyard name and meaningful AVA on the back label.
people always were confused how the somewhat neighboring counties had such similar names.
It was not until 1829 that Rafael Rivera, a Mexican scout, found a spring-fed valley and dubbed it Las Vegas — a Spanish name that leaves many modern visitors wondering exactly where “the meadows” really lay.
Frank Sinatra, Wayne Newton, and Louis Prima each arrived with mediocre status and suddenly found themselves with names as big as the marquees on which they were written.
After the first half-hour, I stopped expending effort to keep names and stories and gossip straight.
My wife's name, once.
Your name -- and the name of The Humane Society of the United States (HSUS) -- are very important to the well-being of all animals because together we can prevent suffering and save lives.
Your name -- and the name of The Humane Society of the United States (HSUS) -- are very important to the well-being of all animals because together we can prevent suffering and save lives.
For 31 years, our name has been associated throughout the world wit saving innocent animals.
What was the name of that clinic?
Rose, what was the name of that clinic?
His first name was Jesus 2.
Ted Lowe) "The Queen's Park Oval, exactly as its name suggests, is absolutely round.
She asks the doctor, "Well, what's the girl's name?
Wow, that's not a bad name, I like it!
What's the boy's name?
Name Your humble client.
A: My name is Susan.
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
Barbie's full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts 2.
With her marriage she got a new name and a dress.
You must have the wrong name!
JEFFERY CLARK My name is Jeffery Clark; I've been hunting on an island off the coast, and I needed to re-supply.
In many parts of the world it is seen as essential for the success of the global services that they should be able to recognize, store, and present textual information like personal and organizational names, represented in the character sets used by those concerned.
While file structure (including file name etc...
Dave also suggested that as a matter of principle any tag names should have meaningful names.
Dave also suggested that as a matter of principle any tag names should have meaningful names.
Action: Dave to post a proposal for the HTML-math tag names.
One idea is to allow the author to name a subexpression and then to use that name in place of further occurrences of that subexpression.
When folded the given name would be shown in place of the subexpression itself.
Bruce talked through the case where names for subexpressions are generated automatically at browse-time.
This doesn't require any special markup, although the ability to give the same name to common subexpressions will depend on the ability to recognize that these subexpressions are in fact semantically identical.
In a previous discussion Raman pointed out that it would be helpful if the user is allowed to set the name of subexpressions as this makes it easier to remember (important for speech-base browsers).
In AsTeR, you could name a cross-referencable object such as an equation with meaningful names e.g. Fibonacci's formula instead of equation 1.13 --this made listening to cross-referenced material easier.
AsTeR also implemented a fairly straight-forward naming algorithm for giving meaningful names to sub-expressions e.g. "lower constraint 1" and denominator 3" etc.
I certainly support the use of ISO TR 9573 entity names for mathematical and technical symbols, as I have written earlier.
“How do you know my name?”
In fact, why didn’t you call me by name the first time?
“Only if you stop beginning every sentence with my name.”
As we headed down the sidewalk, I said, “What is your name, anyway?”
He told Nepthys the name of a woman who lived on a certain street, and we set off.
My real name is a little more ethnically appropriate, but we don’t toss those around in this place.
“Name me,” she said.
“Don’t name her ‘What did you say?’, okay?
I thought back to one time when I’d been thinking about raising a family and remembered that I’d always liked the name – 
( Gailhaguet and Anissina are not referred to by name in an accompanying FBI agent's affidavit, but by their descriptions their identities are obvious.
( Gailhaguet and Anissina are not referred to by name in an accompanying FBI agent's affidavit, but by their descriptions their identities are obvious.
Johnson will be signing plenty of autographs with his own name if he reaches his goal this year.
On his metal desk were names of military men being ordered into the organization.
Tibbets picked the names, and Karnes made it happen.
As the name suggests, local leaders wanted to instill the people of Youngstown with a fierce sense of urgency, driving them forward to confront steel companies and owners and help secure the future of the region.
Youngstown is the name of the major city area, but surrounding it on all sides are small communities which to the casual viewer are indistinguishable from the main city itself.
Can you condemn an innocent man - a friend-uh - to a lifetime of servitude, in your name while you roam free?
Didn't know there was a name for this.
"What in G-d's name could have possessed you to do such a thing," cried Arthur, nearly raising his voice.
Select Custom Art Prints" - http://ping.fm/4fYdR RT @12C4: Lindsay Lohan makes mock dating service ad http://is.gd/spoK if you r left-handed & use a Crayon then the color name is upside down!
Place names are often based on the distance to the nearest mile-post, as measured from the tip of the Kowloon peninsula.
It really looks the part; the tourists know its name even before the guide can translate it.
They were joined by a swarm of spies of all conceivable nationalities, and Macau won a name for international intrigue.
The inscription over the archway reads, “Cidade do nome de Deus, não ha outra mais leal” (“City of the Name of God, None is More Loyal”) — a bit of praise attributed to Portugal’s King John IV in the 17th century.
The signatories, who were the Chinese viceroy from Canton and the minister plenipotentiary of the United States of America, put their names to a historic document — the first-ever treaty between the two countries.
The area was called A-Ma Gau (“Bay of A-Ma”), and in this way, Macau got its name.
The Midwest Financial subsidiary banks will continue to operate under their current names until early 1990, when each will adopt the First of America name.
The Midwest Financial subsidiary banks will continue to operate under their current names until early 1990, when each will adopt the First of America name.
I haven't started naming names except for one person, and that's Mr. Richard Cheney who I thought did a great job the other night.
The woman who bought the guns for the two boys who did that killing at Columbine said that if she had had to give her name and fill out a form there, she would not have bought those guns.
I read a report, or a memo, from somebody in his 1988 campaign -- I forgot the fellow's name -- warning then Senator Gore to be careful about exaggerating claims.
I've actually passed 56 individual bills that I've personally written and, in addition to that, and not always under my name, there is amendments on certain bills.
Is that the actual name?
People have the same problem with my name.
Oh, in my name?
People have the inverse problem with my name.
a past email of yours, to make sure I'm spelling your name correctly.
How do you pronounce your name?
