If NSA had been asked to try to identify these people, the agency would have started by checking its own database of earlier information from these same sources.
I believe in your deposition you indicated in your day-to-day events you try to spark your children's interest in science?
Of course, that explanation works only if I care about the other bidders' opinions--say, because I think they know more than I do or because I'm trying to predict what kind of resale market I might face someday.
At 8:59, Flight 175 passenger Brian David Sweeney tried to call his wife, Julie.
Can you imagine trying to raise ten children in a two-bedroom apartment?
Rothschild did what any loving wife would do in those circumstances: "I tried everything.
The WP says that Yeltsin is trying to engineer his succession by a friendly replacement because he's worried about prosecution for corruption after leaving office.
Try to arrive as the chapel opens or at sunset (see page 39) and make your way to the upper level, where light blazes in through 15 stained-glass windows separated by buttresses so slim that there seems to be no wall at all.
Yale law professor and quirky constitutional historian Bruce Ackerman, testifying before the House of Representatives in December, argued that a newly elected Congress has little authority to try an official who was impeached by the previous one.
Now, you could try to “fit” the data on the corn prices with the first Fourier “mode,” namely the average price.
uh-huh i mean it's good because they they try new things you know but it's like
She tried to return (it), but to no avail.
Don’t worry about trying to take in these views while driving, for there are many stopping places along the way where you can take photographs or simply enjoy the panorama.
Step 8. Repeat Steps 5 to 7 until all k > 1 of interest have been tried.
A caustic piece reports that war has improved life in Belgrade: There are no traffic jams (because so many people have fled), and the crime rate has dropped (because all offenses are tried under martial law).
This is the minimum they are prepared to accept, and you will probably be wasting your time if you try to force them any lower.
How odd--and a good illustration of how trying to shoe-horn in a "witty" headline can drive you into an idea that doesn't fit or is undeserved.
Some philosophers have tried to analyze human equality by searching for some single factor by virtue of which we are equal.
I sat there and I cried but I tried to be as understanding as possible because I knew my mother struggled really hard to even keep food on the table for us.
uh but they still come up to the front door and uh you know walk around so usually what i do is i'll call the apartment manager and tell him hey there's people coming around you know and they're trying to sell something or or they're from a religious organization
and wanting to uh you know to try and get me to join or you know become interested in their religion because i have my own
we have been talking about this i tried to call earlier
i know but they try every year and every year they get thrown out
they'll try something and then they throw it out and get something else you know and you get tired of that
I have to try this case the best way that I know how.
You're trying this case.
And this is the best I can put it, other than what I tried to do in my opinion.
There were a couple instances where friends of mine had tried to check on the status of the books in the library but were not permitted to go in at that time.
And your sense for why he asked you this was that you thought he was trying to elicit something sensational for his paper?
Based on what was quoted in the paper, yeah, I think he was trying to elicit some sensational whatever for the paper.
The interest in man's forebears did not become fashionable upon the publication, a few years ago, of Roots : on a far larger scale, we have been trying to discover all we can about the origins not of men but of man.
Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays, his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world; that places more than one uncommon burden on a writer: he must do his utmost to be accurate; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers; and he must write well.
In Colombia, the drug-financed guerrillas trying to seize the country and destroy democracy include M-19, which Castro has clearly backed.
Trying to outwit the US Coast Guard was risky but enormously profitable.
I will confess I began the book with the weary expectation that the SAT and the Educational Testing Service (ETS) would be attacked again, as they have been so often in the past--by Banesh Hoffman because of the ambiguity built into short-answer tests, by Ralph Nader and Allen Nairn because ETS tries to keep its test questions private, and by many because of the common charge that all the tests do is to confirm the advantages of those from good schools and with educated parents.
If you try to make any moves, you'll endanger yourself and the airplane.
Or the mealtimes that have the entire family trying to find a place to sit and balance their plates while eating wherever they can find a place?
Try to get there early, as tours sell out quickly on busy days.
On a daily basis, Largent spends his time trying to attach anti-abortion, anti-gay rights, and anti-NEA amendments to anything with an H.R. number.
For example, even successful loop and side chain building methods will fail on comparative models based on incorrect alignments (in our case, we tried six different approaches in the three categories combined, the results for only two of which are listed in Figures 1and 2).
And that suggests to me that you may well be interested in joining a program that tries to help our children in the face of the problems I mentioned above.
Indians applauded the decision of Lord Ripon to allow Indian magistrates to try British defendants in criminal cases, but attempts at social reform such as protecting child brides against rape by their husbands were fought by traditionalist Hindus from Calcutta and Pune with cries of “religion in danger. ”
Let’s try it with my definition of autonomous agents.
We tried to hold off--honest we did.
The way we try to approach it is to identify every legal problem that a client has."
But I'm also trying to teach them that they have to earn what they get, and to be part of making sure their lives are better."
On the Left Bank, try the photogenic rue de Buci in St-Germain-des-Prés, open every morning except Monday.
Each player is named a color, and the two leaders, the devil and the angel, <b>try</b> to gain the most <b>players</b>.
This sounds almost like an admission, and suggests that Starr's office may be indirectly using journalists to try to substantiate rumors it has heard.
The first step of treatment is trying to calm down the patient and to identify the underlying cause [ 1, 3, 13].
THE GIRL SCOUT PROMISE On my honor, I will try To serve god and my country, To help people at all times, And to live by the Girl Scout Law.
Try Bally’s for the latest selection; after all, they manufacture them.
The little girl whose color is mentioned runs away and La Vieja Inés tries to catch her before she reaches a spot designated as home base.
OK, maybe I should try the Internet ...
Heald said the agency can try to find mental health services, school services and others. "
The lessons of old are still the lessons we're trying to teach our children today.
Québec, in particular, tried to resist the invasion, even going so far as to ban adolescents from cinemas.
We will return in a subsequent chapter to ask if it makes sense to try to finitely prestate the initial and boundary conditions of a biosphere.
But he's trying to avoid the opposite note--"the people agree with me, so I must be right."
During September and October, the tribals claimed to have tried at least four times to ambush Bin Ladin.
Can you imagine what it must be like - never mind the financial pressures - of just trying to live?
Try a selection at the Whisky Heritage Centre (they have over 100 for you to sample), where you can then buy a bottle or two of your personal favorite in the shop or in stores around the city.
"But I'm not saying that government shouldn't have a role in trying to get the job done."
It may be appropriate to evaluate and try to reverse treatable contributing factors.
Mom was too old to try to do it, so I give them that <b>chance</b>.
Before heading for the open road, try the excellent local cuisine, including both Spanish-style fish stews and Genoese pasta dishes.
So instead of trying to understand Japan — <b>forget</b> the bizarre theories of “Japaneseness” — just open your eyes, your ears, and of course your mind.
Early in the 1970's when evaluators wanted to design studies that would capture some implementation or outcome features that were different or expensive to measure reliably on a large scale-for example, the way a large organization handled a complex innovation or the effect of an education program on motivation to learn or growth in self-confidence-they felt caught between risking considerable effort in trying to quantify qualitative variables and risking the criticism that they were ignoring really important things because they could not be measured.
He must try three times, overcoming many obstacles, before he succeeds in bringing the bones to the sky.
The article tried to explain inconsistent comments that former President Theodore Roosevelt had made about supporting his successor, William Taft, by postulating that TR harbored an unresolved, repressed wish to run for president again himself.
Try to view it in the late afternoon sun, armed with a pair of binoculars to study the rich sculpture of the Gallery of Kings high above the windows.
As that agent began an initial pat-down, Ressam panicked and tried to run away.
We also tried to use the average of horizontal distances from several pct, but without significant improvement.
All are attempting to ascertain the safety and efficacy of interventions, and all do so by trying the intervention and noting the results.
Locker, Michael A. Rothenberg of New York Lawyers for the Public Interest became "hooked on trying to make a difference," as he put it, while growing up with a learning disabled sibling.
They are victims of domestic violence, single moms trying to navigate the regulatory maze that strangles their efforts to move from dependency to self-sufficiency, foster children who are maltreated, migrant and seasonal farm workers who are not paid or are forced to work in unsafe and unsanitary conditions.
Skeptics will try to derail it.
The Vice President recalled being told, just after his arrival, that the Air Force was trying to establish a combat air patrol over Washington.
They learned that al Qaeda had a military committee that was planning operations against U.S. interests worldwide and was actively trying to obtain nuclear material.
On October 26, Clarke's CSG took the unusual step of holding a meeting dedicated to trying "to evaluate the threat of a terrorist attack in the United States by the Usama bin Ladin network."
In order to eliminate selection bias we tried to set objective criteria, both for patients and controls.
For each family of L1 elements, we tried to determine the relationship between the family members.
Alarm bells would not start ringing until these efforts-which could take five minutes or more-were tried and had failed.
The methods for detecting and then warning of surprise attack that the U.S. government had so painstakingly developed in the decades after Pearl Harbor did not fail; instead, they were not really tried.
First, although our state planning initiative is highly replicable for any organization trying to effect <b>rapid</b> change across a large and entrenched culture of individual programs or offices, such change is only possible if you are willing to be inclusive and collaborative in setting goals and processes, yet firm and resolute in their ultimate enforcement.
The principals, he said, were "obsessed" with trying to get others- Saudis, Pakistanis, Afghan tribals-to "do what we won't do."
That's the name of the sister who never made it out of Vietnam--who at age 15, drowned when bullets tore through the boat in which she was trying to escape.
Further journals should try to remove remaining doubts about their manuscript selection process.
While ecologic associations are very useful for generating hypotheses, one should be cautious in trying to make individual level inferences from population based observations because of the multiple sources of biases associated with such study designs [ 24 ] . After using the appropriate analytic methods, our results provide further evidence for an association between the parenteral schistosomiasis treatment campaigns and the transmission of HCV infections in Egypt.
Most corporate officials, board members and professionals are people of ability and integrity who try to do the right thing.
After settling his family in Karachi, KSM tried to join the mujahid leader Ibn al Khattab in Chechnya.
However, the companies did try to economize on the costs of the changes.
Let me try again.
At 8:51, the flight deviated from its assigned altitude, and a minute later New York air traffic controllers began repeatedly and unsuccessfully trying to contact it.
Postal Service First-Class/Priority Rates were applied to inbound mail, the Commission tried to identify the corresponding rates for the FPAs.
The NSA tried to respond energetically to any request made.
In my view, too many people today are trying to structure transactions and other business dealings so they are technically acceptable rather than doing what is right.
A list of FAQs for a user trying to install and execute the FastGroup program.
Thus, it would be interesting to try to find basis vectors for all experiment vectors, using actual experiment vectors and not artificial bases that offer little insight.
4. Before trying to answer why people are saving less, let's start with the question of what motivates people to save.
At Greek evenings, hotels usually allow kids to get up on the dance floor and try the steps themselves.
On the other hand, I try not to be a linguistic slob, either.
"We're trying to liberalize the [federal] Stafford and Perkins loan programs," he said. "
With the assistance of private funds, a foundation is now trying to complete the church — not an easy task, since Gaudí left few detailed plans behind.
One senses it above all in her amazing control over words, which, while extremely satisfying on the level of literary technique, also comes across as a refusal to be vulnerable and a reply to anyone who would try to keep her down.
In the middle of the block, a simple little chapel tries to keep the peace.
Before I go back to bed and try to shake this damn flu, one more thing: the lovely piece in today's New York Times advertising column about the "Cash" machine, which digitally compresses the pauses and long syllables out of talk shows so that local stations can sell more commercial time.
The Indianapolis Air Traffic Control Center repeatedly tried and failed to contact the aircraft.
Older children can learn to windsurf or try Eilat’s own snuba diving (see page 87).
But if God has taken flight, in Gattaca and elsewhere, at least a few of his imitators are trying to save their souls.
This step was followed by the use of another in-house software tool to divide up the arm sequence, trying to simultaneously optimize two constraints: to avoid the creation of gene models that straddle the boundaries between two accessions; and to maintain a close correspondence to the pre-existing Release 2 accessions in GenBank/EMBL/DDBJ [ 11, 12, 13].
Yufu — an extinct volcano covered by dense bamboo forest — Yufuin is famous for its hot-spring baths, most of which you can try for just a few hundred yen.
The LAT goes with the fractious Republican caucus he will try to lead, which the WSJ also addresses in a front-pager.
But that doesn't mean that we shouldn't try to address them in a proactive and "straight-on" manner.
You can try your luck at pari mutuel betting on jai-alai at pari mutuel, greyhound-racing at the Cani­drome (one of the largest in the world), and harness-racing on Taipa.
But it, too, draws careful distinctions between "bad" terrorists, represented by a rogue IRA agent who tries to murder Day-Lewis, and "good" terrorists, represented by the IRA leadership, which <b>tries</b> to protect him.
After the department designated Sudan a state sponsor of terrorism in 1993, it put Bin Ladin on its TIPOFF watchlist, a move that might have prevented his getting a visa had he tried to enter the United States.
If you’re pining for English-language books, Village Voice on rue Princesse in St-Germain-des-Prés is outstanding, but try, too, Brentano’s at 37 avenue de l’Opéra, or W. H. Smith at 248 rue de Rivoli.
According to Blades, Moveon will also add more candidates to its roster this winter and will begin trying to direct those who volunteered time to campaigns.
To see snatches of China’s traditional performing arts in a setting appropriate for an imperial banquet, try one of Beijing’s special teahouses.
They will not try to tell you that the Lincoln Bedroom sleepovers were really about old friends dying of cancer.
We're just trying to make sure that it is, and doesn't have a negative impact on low-income folks and their families."
If you’re looking for second-hand bric-à-brac, try shops around the Campo de’ Fiori and Piazza Navona.
There is rather a double standard, first the so-called American Standard that textbooks try to inculcate, the dignified parlance of discourse, and then the related but divergent American Wit, the standard of ingenuity, which trafficks freely in analogy, pun, and portmanteau.
Trials tried to discourage remedication within 90 minutes, and two patients in one trial were excluded because they remedicated within 90 minutes, one on placebo and one on rofecoxib 50 mg [ 26 ] . This was not reported consistently ( Additional File 3).
Also try the open-air Discoteca La Patana, near the bridge into Varadero.
The story Newsweek does run about Paula Jones' sexual-harassment suit says that her lawyers are trying to prove that Clinton promoted women who slept with him.
This leads to the sense that "nothing works" when, in fact, nothing has been tried to its maximal therapeutic dose.
The wax works of Madame Tussauds will have all the latest stars of music and films, so they can try and guess who the figures are before reading the exhibit details.
The raw fact is that every successful example of economic development this past century--every case of a poor nation that worked its way up to a more or less decent, or at least dramatically better, standard of living--has taken place via globalization; that is, by producing for the world market rather than trying for self-sufficiency.
In addition, it highlights the difficulties that may arise when trying to understand gene regulation for genes that lie extremely close to one another or that form intergenic transcripts.
For a gentle overview of the entire Magic Kingdom, try the aerial tramway at dusk as the lights are coming on.
But the trouble is that between technology that makes it easier for markets to run rings around local regulations, and the reluctance of governments to agree on the sort of cross-border enforcement that might let them keep up with that technology, efforts to limit the market . Oh, mavericks such as George Lucas or Malaysia's Prime Minister Mahathir bin Muhammad may try to fight the trend and even achieve some limited success, but they are swimming against the tide.
American Airlines dispatchers also tried, without success.
Meanwhile, Gandhi vehemently opposed any dismemberment of the country, and tried to keep people united by fasting to uphold the spirit of love, and by focussing on the common adversary: the British.
The British bad-boy writer tries his hand at an American detective novel and draws mixed reviews.
Sul­­tan Abdül Hamid II (1876–1909) tried to apply absolute rule to an empire staggering under a crushing foreign debt, with a fragmented population of hostile people, and succeeded only in creating ill will and dissatisfaction amongst the younger generation of educated Turks.
Every day is a Seinfeld episode and, even when it's not, the tabloid headline writers try to turn it into one.
At 8:48, while the controller was still trying to locate American 11, a New York Center manager provided the following report on a Command Center teleconference about American 11:
More adventurous cyclists can savor the delights of mountain-biking down the steep trails of Mount Tamalpais in Marin County, or try riding against the experts at the Mission Bay Circuit on Fiesta Island, San Diego.
Editor's note: "Goldhagen's Willing Executioners" incorrectly stated that the Canadian Jewish Congress is trying to have Ruth Bettina Birn, co-author of A Nation on Trial: The Goldhagen Thesis and Historical Truth , removed from her job at the war crimes division at the Canadian Department of Justice.
Individuals helped by Legal Aid include: a young mother and her children being abused by a violent spouse, a severely disabled child in need of medical care, a young woman who needed more time in vocational training to escape welfare, and a woman suffering from dementia in a nursing home whose husband was trying to strip her of her financial assets.
Try to visit before noon or after 4pm, especially in summer as most farming activity stops in the heat of the afternoon.
He tries to disarm the accusation that he was callous about executing Karla Fay Tucker by portraying his decision as an anguished crisis of conscience.
Since limitations in score precision is a problem with all such scoring methods we have tried to highlight only the general and obvious validity threats found.
In Santiago de Cuba, try to see the Ballet Folklórico Cutumba, a renowned troupe that delves into the world of Afro-Cuban spirituality and ritual.
If Gore tried that on Bradley during their next debate, I think we might all see him a little differently.)
He'll be trying cases, day after day.
The House of Quality on Hebron Road and the Jerusalem Artists’ House on Shmuel Hanagid Street are the most famous; also try the New City.
That column also quotes the suggestion of a Yale Law professor that given this trend, Congress ought to try to raise money for the Federal treasury by offering to name new tax provisions after donors.
Recommendation: Our report shows that al Qaeda has tried to acquire or make weapons of mass destruction for at least ten years.
If your time is limited, try one of the day trips offered in all the major resorts or focus your attention on Ronda.
A WP item mentions in passing that since 1990 Bill Moyers has been drawing $200,000 a year from an organization trying to change campaign finance laws, which Moyers describes as having turned politics into "an arms race for money."
Try to be in Petulu, 6 km (4 miles) north of Ubud, by about 4pm.
If I were trying to help him, I would tell him to never ever read from a speech--that just makes the performance even more deadly.
"This is a big step the Supreme Court has taken in demonstrating for all attorneys in the state how important it is that lawyers be made aware of their responsibilities to try to ensure legal services for all," Leonard F. Amari, a past president of the Illinois State Bar Association and chair of the Lawyers Trust Fund, said in a press release.
In the absence of an indigenous alphabet, Japanese scholars had with the greatest difficulty tried to adapt the complex ideograms of monosyllabic Chinese to the essentially polysyllabic Japanese.
"The key to raising money online is trying to develop a relationship of e-commerce with supporters.
The road, swamped with cars, bicyclists, and tour buses, can be tortuous, as they all try to squeeze into the tiny parking lot at the top.
He speaks preternaturally slowly, as if operating underwater, so that watching him in discussion with two or three fast-on- their-feet political analysts is much like watching a valium addict trying to communicate with a roomful of meth heads.
In Tokyo, try the weekend market at Harajuku, and check the English-language press for details of shrine and temple markets.
Miss Manners, who doubtless blushed at such treatment, has been trying to live up to the philosophical flattery and live down the ideological company ever since.
As further encouragement for the 200 or so followers they have picked up already, the consortium schools have given their graduates Palm organizers, paid for companies to help with their billing, and offered free legal research and even yoga and meditation classes, almost anything to help make life a little easier for those trying to hang out their shingles.
It tried to regain its independence from Rome, but proved too small and weak, and was conquered by Emperor Septimius Severus in a.d. 196.
The ad side of all newspapers is constantly trying to get the ed side to say nice things about those advertising.
To do this, we examined fungi in the air and on leaf surfaces rather than trying to separate opportunistic and obligate pathogens from non-pathogens.
Try to visit early or late in the season to avoid the crowds and their worst excesses.
Dictionaries are generally consistent products of superior scholarship and care; at this stage of the game, trying to change what Madison Avenue calls “brand loyalty” is like getting someone who has been driving a Ford all his life to switch to a Toyota.
Solicitor General Olson tried unsuccessfully to reach Attorney General John Ashcroft.
Try the following agenda: early start at a Paris street market to buy a picnic; morning tour of the palace; stroll through the palace gardens to lunch beside the Grand Canal; siesta and tea in the gardens of the Petit Trianon; finally, wander back across the palace gardens for a last sunset view of the great château.
Saddam Hussein would still be in Kuwait if we had tried to rely on sanctions.
But as lawyers try to meet demands with technology, the basic needs remain: meeting the need for legal services among the poor or underserved.
Mini-buses dart in and out of the traffic to pick up passengers and there’s a frantic rush at peak times as everyone tries to leave the city at once.
Go for all the sexual self-help you can, but do it covertly . Watch a sex video (or porn flick) if you want--but by yourself, and then try to share what you learned without sharing how you learned it.
Invoking President Bush's own language, Clarke wrote,"You are left with a modest effort to swat flies, to try to prevent specific al Qida attacks by using [intelligence] to detect them and friendly governments' police and intelligence officers to stop them.
Whether you have booked in advance or not, try to arrive at the plaza de toros with an hour to spare, enough time to watch the crowd and feel the tension rising.
To approach humanitarian aid from the perspective of a few of its providers, try the U.S.
Companies have found that trying to capture the knowledge required to stabilize the design of a product that requires significant amounts of new content is an unmanageable task, especially if the goal is to reduce cycle times and get the product into the marketplace as quickly as possible.
Los Angeles is undeniably car country, though it is trying to alleviate its congestion and pollution by building a light-rail network.
Pick up any Monday New York Times from the past month, and check out the "equity offerings this week" column, and you'll be astonished--at least I always am--at how many companies are trying to tap the public markets in a time of relative weakness.
According to Division Chief for Lower Manhattan Peter Hayden, "We had a very strong sense we would lose firefighters and that we were in deep trouble, but we had estimates of 25,000 to 50,000 civilians, and we had to try to rescue them."
On the Riviera, try Rapallo, San Remo, or Garlenda (near Alassio).
After cataloging pejoratives associated with Jewish women, which a group is trying to counter in the media, the paragraph asserts that Monica Lewinsky fits them all.
He did not task field offices to try to determine whether any plots were being considered within the United States or to take any action to disrupt any such plots.
Try to be there at sunset, too, to see the city light up.
It is taken as given in the dictionary business in the U.S. that if a dictionary bears the name “Webster” it magically attracts sales far beyond those of a dictionary that tries to rely for its success on quality alone.
Ideally, you should have a partner who acts impatient and tries to get you to leave.
Many of these new marketing programs that were first announced by Mr. Willes have been tried and appear to be unsuccessful.
This 17th century manor house with period interior and 19th century working farm and museum is very popular with children, who enjoy trying their hand at traditional farm tasks such as milking cows.
In one sense, this has made the exercise of trying to game the Fed easier, since there's more material to go on.
Under these hierarchies, the organizations try to link the goals and performance measures for each organizational level to successive levels and ultimately to the organization's strategic goals.
The Muslims tried to purify the Islamic practice of the Hindu rituals which had accrued over the years.
However, she will try.
The Dutch were the next to try: in 1625, they succeeded in pinning the Spanish into the confines of El Morro; but after looting everything of value, they set fire to San Juan and departed.
We were both apologetic, and the hostess seems to have forgiven us but, Prudence: 1) What's the best way to try removing the stain?
Lawyers and judges are trying to raise money for the agency that many say has worked magic with little more than gumption, hardscrabble dollars and a rambling, second-floor warren of rooms across the street from City Hall.
At first the Americans tried to mediate between the Communists and the Nationalists, even while continuing to supply the Nationalists.
Just as the shift of money into Internet stocks was partly the product of a virtuous circle created by institutions trying to keep their portfolios invested in stocks that had "momentum," so too was the shift out partly the product of a vicious circle created by institutions <b>trying</b> to dump stocks that suddenly didn't have momentum.
Correlation of genes in the same pathway is precisely the phenomenon we are often trying to identify.
However, the surrounding fertile countryside is attractive, the spicy Hunan cuisine is worth trying, the scenic mountain areas of the province are outstanding, and the archaeological displays are stunning.
Most of the halls date from the Qing Dynasty, although Yuanchen Hall, where visitors try to locate the deity on the zodiac of their birthday, dates from the time of Kublai Khan.
35 According to the 2001 Retirement Confidence Survey,36 about 46 percent of American workers have not tried to calculate how much they need to save for retirement.
Revisiting these issues tried the patience of some of the officials who felt they had already been down these roads and who found the NSC's procedures slow."
The UAE embassy in turn contacted the Hamburg police and a UAE representative tried to find him in Germany, visiting mosques and Shehhi's last address in Hamburg.
I tie it tight around my electrical/biomedical-engineering-from-USC-filled head, over my up-to-the-minute, very fashionable, mostly European designer clothes (sorry, don't mean to brag, just trying to break that ridiculous stereotype).
Then it will try to deepen Russia's economic crisis with a view to destroying its nuclear capability.
The Post also says that more than a year prior to secretly taping Monica Lewinsky, Linda Tripp tried to sell a book about the Clinton White House, asking the conservative publisher Alfred Regnery for something in the neighborhood of $500,000.
The missionaries struggled valiantly against the dictates of the desert, trying simultaneously to survive the harshness of their circumstances and spread the Mormon faith.
It is one the Libraries are trying very hard to eliminate, but the rapidly increasing price of materials makes the task difficult.
The Wall Street Journal states that the plaintiffs' lawyers hired by Texas to try the case will receive as part of the deal almost $2.
One is that the dog is attempting to take on the odour like a perfume, the other is that the odour is too strong to cover with a urine mark so the dog tries to cover it with its entire body surface [ 30 ] .
And we used to try to dress up and pretend we were businesswomen.
Last night I reprised our run over the bridge, trying several new bars, a different brand of goo, and a couple of drinks.
Off the East Coast, try deep-sea fishing for barracuda or shark.
Try taking a trip around the caldera, with stops at the new volcanic islands of Nea and Palea Kameni.
For jazz and blues clubs in Kraków, try U Muniaka (ul. Florianska 3), Klub Indigo (ul. Florianska 26), and Klinika 35 (ul. •w. Tomasza 35).
oh yeah i i guess there's a lot to to think about when you're trying to make that decision
The men then try to unbalance their opponent.
At first, only a few retailers required this, and apparel manufacturers tried to meet these needs with minimal changes in their internal practices.
Young adults, like Mary T., a jobless mother of three, trying desperately to keep her kids out of trouble in a crime-ridden neighborhood.
During the 1992 campaign, when Gennifer Flowers first brought Clinton's philandering to public attention, Stephanopoulos--as Clinton's chief spinner, distracter, and all-around bullshit artist--played a crucial role in discrediting Flowers and anyone else who tried to point out the truth, namely that Clinton had a disturbing zipper problem.
Not yet, but she tries to.
and you're trying to crawl out of a half unconscious sleep and answer the phone you either hear the click as soon as you say hello you hear the click of the recording coming on
yeah yeah no i i agree with you there though i mean they want to choose that particular religion then that's fine with me too you know as long as they don't try and pull me in and drag me in and and i don't like the way that they do it either
so i don't know i'm i'm not ready to buy a new car yet but i don't know if if the next time i'm going to try to
well they're trying
As a result of that, Mr. Barna and I have spent days in an effort to try to see if there was a means by which we could somehow ameliorate the problem so that, in a certain sense, everybody gets what they want.
What I've tried to do here is to say, they'll testify as to everything that appeared in those articles.
This looks artificial when you're dealing with a fact witness, but these are fact witnesses who are also reporters, and I am straining to try to find a fair way to do this.
"That is all I am trying to get a sense for.
There is that possibility of trying to elicit something sensational, but I think he was also <b>trying</b> to prepare for what might happen later on in the meeting since they tended to denigrate in shouting matches.
I tried another explorer, Ernest Giles.
It seems only natural that once an original language, or Ursprache , was posited, the next step was to speculate on its source, or Urheimat . That is what Renfrew has tried to do.
The attacks have intensified since the Colombian government began cracking down on the traffickers in August, trying to prevent their takeover of the country.
LSC grantees seek to increase visibility in the client community in several situations - for example, when launching new services (for example, a toll-free phone hotline), trying to reach special-needs populations (the elderly, homeless people, families reaching the end of their eligibility period for welfare, people in non-English speaking communities) or expanding services into hard-to-serve communities (for example, to small towns far from legal aid offices).
We have not tried to embrace all of this at once before.
Among the recurring themes: his belief in the primacy of the individual over the group ("[My work] tries to reveal the extent to which each of us is responsible for his own fate") and his intense, conflicted Americanism ("I am too vindictively American, too full of hate for the hateful aspects of this country, and too possessed by the things I love here to be too long away").
Instead of trying to forecast lifetime income and economic conditions in the distant future, people may use simple rules of thumb, such as saving a fixed share of their income or avoiding debt.
We maintain a kind of juggling act as we try to keep tuition costs in line.
Mao’s widow, the one-time film actress Jiangqing, and her close associates (the so-called Gang of Four) were arrested, tried, and imprisoned for encouraging the excesses of the Cultural Revolution.
Look out your window, burrow down a foot or so, and try to establish what all the microscopic life is busy doing and building and has done for billions of years, let alone the macroscopic ecosystem of plants, herbivores, and carnivores that is slipping, sliding, hiding, hunting, bursting with flowers and leaves outside your window.
Today's Papers is a helpful service--I'm just trying to make it more helpful.
If a patient follows all of the initial recommendations and yet the severity of his tinnitus does not improve over the course of six months, we either suggested different strategies for him to try or asked the patient to return to the clinic for re-evaluation and additional counseling.
We don't just go to the nearest fabric store and try to find the closest thing to what we want.
For even more fun, try the water park Kolymithres on Paros — hours of fun for all ages.
This was a model that many young men grew up -trying to emulate, but this symbol is no longer acceptable to modern American society.
Thereafter he plays a tin drum in lieu of speaking aloud and, when anyone tries to take it away, screams so shrilly that he shatters glass all around him.
``We're trying to get what we can for our dollar.
I'm trying now with counseling to get them to get along with each other, and to let them go out and be with their friends and do the stuff that I did as a child.
At the bottom end of the market, try refrigerator magnets in the shape of Ionian or Corinthian columns!
At 8:51, the controller noticed the transponder change from United 175 and tried to contact the aircraft.
Or the seemingly impossible task of trying to keep such a crowded home neat and clean?
Chicanos also often use the term, as they do agringado, to describe an overly acculturated Chicano, one who is trying to be “white.”
Most pundits agree that questions about whether Bush has ever tried cocaine are relevant to this year's presidential campaign and a legitimate part of public discourse.
A special note on the importance of trusting subjective judgment: One potential hijacker was turned back by an immigration inspector as he tried to enter the United States.
Before I tell you more about that remarkable woman in Pensacola, however - a woman named Wanda Rudolph whose love, compassion and sense of generosity ought to be an example to everyone -I want to tell you just a little bit about what every mother trying to go it alone with her children on a marginal (or worse) income is facing.
Ponder over old photographs of Cretans in traditional costume and try to imagine what the island must have been like during their lifetimes.
I have to say that the prospect of reading a biography that tried to break with the fairly rigid forms of the genre was appealing to me, as strange as Morris' approach sounded, and I approached this book eagerly.
If a 2 base MM is assigned, the algorithm will also try using this size of the gap in both the Target and Query sequence, after initially using a 1 base gap.
We will try to contact each of you who have not participated this fiscal year in the next 45 days so that our goal can be reached by the deadline of June 30th.
A tough environment demanded tough qualities of interdependence and industriousness, sorely tried by contact with Europeans.
For the sampling time we tried various values of n but found negligible differences for values above eight.
He wanted to come home the first day he got off the slopes, but Sandy Trombetta, the clinic organizer and recreation therapist at the Grand Junction VA Medical Center, convinced Urban to try again.
Erich Honecker’s regime won international diplomatic recognition for East Berlin as its capital and, with gleaming hotels and skyscrapers, tried to give it a lustre to rival West Berlin.
Massoud appeared committed to helping the United States collect intelligence on Bin Ladin's activities and whereabouts and agreed to try to capture him if the opportunity arose.
The government posted health warnings on cigarette packs, required airlines and governmental buildings to ban smoking, but did not try to follow the model of Prohibition or the drug laws.
Stop to try the waters at the Venetian fountain — a series of lion heads spout crystal clear, cool liquid from the mountains above — before exploring the village itself.
Recently she had lunch with some of the referring legal assistance organizations to try to improve their recruitment and matching efforts even more.
In a world where manufacturers must supply an increasing number of products with fashion elements, speed and flexibility are crucial capabilities for firms wrestling with product proliferation, whether they are retailers trying to offer a wide range of choices to consumers or manufacturers responding to retail demands for shipments.
In his revision, Reich gets rid of the cigar shtick and again substitutes actual words, while trying to preserve what he can of a sense of hostility.
Unlike the literary world, where provocative books such as Ulysses or Lady Chatterley's Lover led to legal battles over obscenity issues, in the movies, no one tried to place fuck onto film until the country was ready for it.
I want to try a tentative technical definition: Records are correlated macroscopic states that identify sources of energy that can be tapped to extract work.
The Republicans are the Comintern for trying to have some party discipline in Jacob Weisberg's "The Conintern."
What about those of us who consume culture on the fly--who go to the movies only when dragged to the megaplex by the kids, who buy books at airport bookstores, who need to know whether the Broadway show whose high-priced tickets our parents are trying to pawn off on us is a gaudy spectacle from hell or Great Art?
The cover package reiterates TNR 's line that the United States should try to overthrow Saddam Hussein.
Remedies for caída de mollera involve trying to return the fontanelle to its proper position.
George W. Bush tried to quash the parody site www.gwbush.com, saying infamously, "There ought to be limits to freedom."
But the second reads like gobbledygook while the first tries to provide some basic notion of what is involved and where it is applied while, at the same time, gently notifying users that they are going to have to seek elsewhere for a proper definition, the understanding of which requires far more backgound in mathematics and logic than can be assumed in the average user.
The buyer might start by trying to get historical data on the weekly sales of those Levi jeans in the store.
No one has accused Thomas of trying to silence Hill.
Before they reached this rich stock of possible constitutional arguments, the lawyers for the butchers tried a simple tack: The Louisiana statute infringed the common law of England, the basic principles of which had become the bedrock of American law.
The WP and NYT report that yesterday the SEC issued a cease-and-desist order against three people for trying to sell securities on the Internet.
8 And, more recently, the court rejected an East German statutory justification for border guards who shot at their own citizens trying to flee the country for the West.
The ad accused Gore of "trying to reinvent reality."
I didn't try shearling, but no one I spoke with recommended it.
The director, Michael Mann, has never tried to tell a story as complex (or nonviolent) as The Insider , and he and his co-screenwriter, Eric Roth, don't shape their narrative very satisfyingly.
When newspapers tried to capture the spirit and meaning of the millennium celebrations, they generally ran into trouble.
How do you describe the ideology of people trying to decide whether they want Pat Buchanan or Warren Beatty to be president?
Imagine trying to predict how many women will walk into a particular downtown Boston store next week prepared to pay $48 (full price) for a size-8 pair of Levi blue jeans, with “long” pant length, “loose” fit, stonewashed finish, and a pleated waist—in other words, one particular SKU out of thousands.
The fact of the matter is that I spend much of my life reading the work of mainstream economists, speaking to them, and trying to find something they have written that might interest the general public.
The Post , however, writes that "some participants in the financial markets had begun to speculate that Clinton might not reappoint [Greenspan], or that the administration would try to influence Fed interest-rate policy in exchange for the reappointment."
Some philosophers have tried to analyze human equality by searching for some single factor by virtue of which we are equal.
As he moves to shore up his right-wing credentials, his more authentically conservative rivals are trying to establish their own credibility in the eyes of moderate Republicans.
As part of its reconstructing the former Confederacy, the victorious North tried to cleanse the formerly rebellious governments of their “treasonous” followers.
It seems to me absurd to try and read an image like The Holy Virgin Mary 1996 in purely formal terms, because it would be to apply aesthetic criteria and art-historical comparisons to a work that draws its power primarily from iconoclasm and irreverence.
"I write every night, five times a week, I try to do five hundred words a day."
She says she won't testify because Starr is engaged in a political witch hunt; the piece speculates that she may be trying to hide an affair she had with Bill Clinton.
Now try to translate the statement into a set of statements about ordinary human actions, “A group of twelve people were seated behind a wooden enclosure for several days.
The author does not appear to have reached serious conclusions: at the end of the book, in a short section titled Conclusion, she offers some useful observations about expressions of humor and about the difficulties encountered by a teacher of English as a foreign language in trying to impart to students the linguistic skills required to understand English literature; but these observations can scarcely be termed conclusions, for no coherent theory has actually been set forth in the book.
The country as a whole finally decided, however, that a little liquor was more desirable than the costs to freedom in trying to achieve Prohibition.
The party is trying to appear inclusive when it really is not.
If the challenge of making such predictions for this season’s sales is not sufficiently daunting, try predicting how many of each item will sell during a given period next year.The impossibility of making -accurate predictions of demand long in advance of the selling season—especially at the SKU level—is clear.
Bush tried to send two messages in response to the Texas shooting.
We should try to figure out what these purposes are and execute them.
You remember: Flynt, the pornographer, and his crack team of snoops were going to blast the lid off the hypocritical Republican Congress that was trying to impeach a president over sex, etc.
By trying its best to undo it.
Lucifer tries to challenge the shepherds but Michael the Archangel returns just in time to defeat him.
I have even tried doing it back to her, but she didn't get the hint.
We have tried to keep deletions to a minimum, chiefly by not including marginal terms in the first place.
He actually lived fairly long but was eventually captured, tried, and hanged at the age of forty.
Please keep trying, either in "The Fray" or by e-mail to letters@msn.com.
While the mechanisms of heritable variation dier and the selection criteria dier, organisms in the biosphere and firms and individuals in the econosphere are busy trying to make a living and explore new ways of making a living.
Bruce Ackerman shocked the Capital by testifying before the House that the newly seated Senate could not constitutionally try the president on an impeachment passed by the outgoing House.
And finally, the tabloids try to account for the end of soap star Susan Lucci's 18-time losing streak at the daytime Emmys.
"Feeble" and "inadequate even by lazy-pastiche standards" is how Dennis Lim of the Village Voice describes this mean teen movie about a posse of cruel popular girls who accidentally kill one of their own and try to cover it up.
trying to promote foreign policy goals, sound trade policies, and other Government to Respond to strategies to help nations around the world that the United States now Changing Threats to depends on as military allies and trading partners.
one that iodizes the water), and try to drink at least two quarts (liters) of water a day to avoid dehydration. Alternatively, taking lots of
Mixed reviews for the latest from the hyperintellectual author of The Gold Bug Variations . Powers tries to shed his reputation as inaccessibly scholarly by writing a straightforward novel about a soap company and an employee who gets ovarian cancer.
Since we only tried 27 different architectures,there may have been more appropriate architectures for these datasets.
Try to take in some of this quintessential American musical style.
Has the government not tried hard enough?
There he had tried to create an air defense plan using assets from the Treasury Department, after the Defense Department declined to contribute resources.
Unfortunately, he died trying to organize the Bermuda-Jamestown lifeline.
Harrison Ford tries to help by looking anguished as he hits, kicks, and shoots his way to the final duel with Oldman.
When al Qaeda and its Pakistani allies repeatedly tried to assassinate Musharraf, almost succeeding, the battle came home.
Parasailing is a new and trendy sport; you can try it at the Balboa Pavilion.
What you are is you're always trying to smooth things over.
You may be offered tickets to buy while lying on the beach, or even free ones if the owners are trying to boost a place, or if the tiquetero thinks that your good looks will be an asset.
Let me try, however, to make four points:
The call lasted about two minutes, after which Policastro and a colleague tried unsuccessfully to contact the flight.
On the Thompson River, summer visitors can try the bumpy thrills of the sockeye experience for themselves with some whitewater river rafting organized out of Vancouver — details from the city tourist information office.
The New York Times says he won't try to indict them but might publish a damning account of their behavior.
This, in conjunction with intergenic splicing, may significantly increase the number of predicted proteins encoded by the human genome and will certainly pose a challenge for anyone trying to decipher genomic organization and regulation.
Try Cockermouth (Monday and Wednesday) or Penrith (Tuesday).
But I'll try.
Except for longer excursions, try to leave the car in the hotel parking lot and walk or take the bus.
The program, Parents' Fair Share, which tries to help mostly black and Hispanic high-school drop-out absentee fathers via training and counseling, has been found in an independent study not to have increased their earnings and to have only marginally increased the amount of money they give their kids.
Second, we tried different numbers of cycles to calculate posterior probabilities.
Trying their hand at fishing or rowing a boat on a lake can be a challenge.
And if students are slipping structural cogs, we need a common language to communicate these problems: “John, you should use the possessive form before the gerund”, “Mary, try combining these two sentences by using an appositive.”
We decided to develop our own database and software, while trying to retain interoperability between the two.
Try Xerókampos south of Zákros, or head east from Moní Préveli to the sandy stretches around tiny Agía Fotini.
GS tried to reveal the essence of communication by stringing together heavy words without the punctuation, connectives, adjectives, adverbs, and allusions we are accustomed to.
They decided to try to retrieve the ball and, with ropes and lanterns, they entered the hole and discovered a magical landscape 37 m (120 ft) underground.
Only in Switzerland did I find someone who truly tried to get it right, but the effort involved putting his tongue out at me and concluded with an overly explosive final consonant; but he got all the bits in there.
An approach of Wall et al . [ 22] tries to combine PCA-based gene selection with a confidence measure using leave-one-out cross-validation.
In his lifetime, many petty Euro­pean princes tried to imitate Louis’s style with their own little Versailles, complete with court artists and sycophants.
Try as hard as they might, inventors of artificial languages have been unable to disbuse themselves of the ineluctable attraction of their own, native language or language family.
He tried to halt the Dayaks’ piracy and head-hunting while defending their more “morally acceptable” customs.
I tried sticking a thumbtack into my buttocks and I bled."
Thus, a multivariate approach trying to compare very different gene expression patterns at the same time might lead to loss of information.
The Chinese authorities tried to keep the foreigners at arm’s length, limiting their activities to certain districts and seasons.
So I have no problem with TV programmers, Hollywood execs, and magazine editors trying to appeal to me.
Try the House of Ireland (see above), or the Irish Crystal Store on Wicklow Street.
Try the Latin aloud, the way it was meant to be read, and the hollow thump of a horse's gallop is in the sound as well as the meaning of Virgil's words.
Rapantzikos [ 18 ] et al have used other morphological operators as well as varying local histogram criteria for threshold choice to try to correct these deficiencies.
You can grade the hikes according to your fitness and experience — if in doubt, seek advice at the Visitor Center — but try at least one walk, in sturdy shoes, for the sheer exhilaration of making it to the end.
For the most part, despite the occasional campaigning for linguistic liberalism (aimed, obviously, at 20th- and, presumably, 21st-century readers), what emerges is an engaging picture of concerned speakers of English, some of them pedants trying to establish (or preserve) some purity in the language, the remainder readers of the works published by the former in the shape of grammars, usage guides, pronunciation guides, spellers, etc.
Try to be here for an utterly Victorian open-air band concert.
When I tried to view the "GOP Environmental Accomplishments" page, I got error messages on five successive days.
We tried to minimize variability by having a written reference of definitions based on the original articles of the various scoring systems and having one person coordinate the process of data collection.
A Crusader castle brings swashbuckling to life, so try a trip to the walls of Mytilini or Kos Castle to become a knight of yore.
More than 30,000 Cubans tried to cross shark-infested waters to Florida on improvised rafts.
You haven't tried to corrupt the democratic process by handing out wads of cash.
Akbar decided it was better to have them on his side than to try to convert them; when he married the Maharaja of Jodhpur’s sister, Jodh Bai (for whom he built a grand palace at Fatehpur Sikri; see page 84) there was no question of converting her to Islam.
Far from being a voice of common sense, Q is a sophist who tries to make confused thinking look like common sense.
Another group trying to repeat the observations of increased levels of LPA associated with ovarian cancer concluded that there was no diagnostic value in the assay, and attributed the discrepant findings as possibly related to different sample centrifugation protocols used by the two groups to remove platelets from the samples prior to analysis [ 20 ] . However, LPA continues to be actively evaluated for its clinical utility [ 21 ] .
The remains, which include streets with houses and pretty communal squares, have been placed under a protective corrugated roof that gets hot and crowded, so try to visit as early in the day as possible.
This kind of public execution of reform would look terrible, so Lott might try to mitigate a filibuster by offering as a substitute his own phony reform bill . Think of this as a "pod" or replicate version of campaign-finance reform.
Try to visit the cathedral’s horloge astro­no­mique on the hour to see the figures emerge from the clock.
(Richard J. Herrnstein and Charles Murray had previously reported similar findings in their best-selling book The Bell Curve .) To explain those skill differentials, one can try pointing either to training or heredity.
Workers suspected of trying to assert their rights have been interrogated by grower association members or staff.
From Lorena to Eleanor: "I've been trying today to bring back your face.
The presence of multiresistant P. aeruginosa and Acinetobacter baumannii strains in our ICU prompted us to try treatment with colistin as a last resort in patients with serious infections with such strains.
On your riverside walk in Falls View Park, try to ignore the pulp mill.
"This year, we are not only allowing people to find out about John McCain but trying to push people to be involved."
No longer will a woman desperate for a protective order, for example, have to run all over town trying to find the right agency.
You're not just trying to save Ruth.
The CIA also tried to improve its intelligence reporting on Bin Ladin by what Tenet's assistant director for collection, the indefatigable Charles Allen, called an "allout, all-agency, seven-days-a-week" effort.
But there was nowhere else to go, so the pioneers were forced to pitch in and try to survive.
Now villagers are trying to find and form relationships with children adopted by their former enemies.
Try not to visit both sites on the same day.
What evolution is trying to tell us here is that male aggression is much less important for human beings than it is for gorillas.
So, to try to accentuate the effects of PIP 2 on Boi1-PH's co-sedimentation with vesicles, we repeated this analysis using buffer that contained additional concentrations of KCl.
Apart from the Citadel and Battlefields Park, every sight worth seeing is within easy walking distance, though you may like to try a 45-minute ride in a horse-drawn calèche (from the Parc de l’Esplanade).
I also tried to appear serene--hoping to convey a Buddhist quality.
In Afghanistan, the State Department tried to end the civil war that had continued since the Soviets' withdrawal.
In the last week, the papers have tried every way possible to tie up this past year in a ribbon and present it to the ages.
To try and recapture the interior’s rather gracious rococo atmosphere, furniture and decorations from other Prussian palaces built in the 18th-century have been used to replace what was destroyed here during World War II.
This unprecedented educational expansion for G.I.s , the WP explains, is a sign of the difficulties the Army is having trying to compete with the booming civilian job market.
Berger met twice with Tenet in April to try to resolve the dispute.
Gingrich replied that Clinton's aides were trying "to attack me when I am overseas <b>trying</b> to be helpful."
This finding may appear to be suprising, however it was not to us at the Motherisk NVP Helpline, because over the years, many women have told us that NVP can be so debilitating that they will try just about anything to alleviate their symptoms.
By then you’ll be more than ready to sample some heady Arbois wine — try the vin jaune with a chunk of Comté cheese.
Over the weekend, "Titanic" director James "King of the World" Cameron began exercising the perks of his new office by writing a piece in the LAT in which he tried to fire the paper's lead film critic, author of two scathing reviews of the iceberg epic.
When hunters bathe dogs with strongly smelling members of the Piper species they may be imitating animal behaviour or trying to mask the individual body odour of their dogs so that they remain un-detected by game animals.
On the east coast, try Puri, south of Calcutta, or Pondicherry.
The Khmer Rouge tried Pol Pot for genocide and sentenced him to life under house arrest.
It’s tempting to try to sandwich everything into just a couple of days, but be sure to leave time in your schedule to get sidetracked in a colorful food market or an alley of antiques shops, or to peek in a quiet courtyard.
On its front page La Repubblica reported a warning Wednesday by Pope John Paul II that it was futile to try to predict the timing of the end of the world.
"Fundamentally, what we're trying to do is provide equal access to justice, for all people - regardless of their economic standing," said LSSM Board Member and volunteer attorney, Fred Hall. "
Its Brandenburg rulers tried to befriend both the Protestant and Catholic armies but made enemies of both, leaving unfortified Berlin to pay the price.
I'm not trying to be like anybody or different from anybody.
Pursuing future research into the combinatorial chemopreventive/chemotherapeutic potential of aspirin may be of greater value than trying to account for the discordant effect.
Although it is now performed in the modern rather than the classical Greek language, it is still not easy to understand, so try to find an English copy of the plot before the performance begins.
Try to get a good night's sleep.
When the Department of Health and Human Services was trying out delivery of Head Start services to parents and children in their own homes, called Home Start, the Department supplemented a formal assessment of the development of the children before and after the program with case studies (High/Scope Educational Research Foundation, 1972).
But he told me to go ahead and try it, so I took the entrance test, and they accepted me into at the school, and I took some courses there.
and uh i've read a lot about uh that particular sect and i don't particularly care for it so i especially don't like for them to come up to my door and try and talk to me
yeah that that huge it's suppose to be a huge stadium and it's going to have little shopping centers in it and little like a lake or something running through it and uh they're going to try to make it a real community center out there
for right now i'm trying to get out
what was i'm trying to remember oh the other the one i talked about the other night was good it was
Then I think you should reschedule the depositions and try to do that.
And we try to keep them at a minimum and we will keep them at a minimum during the trial.
All we are trying to accomplish with this task is to choose a biology book that teaches the most prevalent theories.
In other words, based on what they knew about a group of languages which were documented, they tried to imagine the language that they sprang from.
Lets wait and try to offset the amount we owe them with what they owe us - so I say wait until you get July and August done.
For example a score of 23 to 28 indicated a Chicano Barriologist was “muy de aquellas” (very Chicano); 18 to 22 indicated High Potential, “o ya casi” (almost a Chicano); 13 to 17 was half Mexican, half American, or “keep trying, you”; 8 to 12 was a “vendido” (sellout or culturally deprived); and 0 to 7 was a “pendejo” (dummy, jerk).
The esszet (pronounced ess-tset) was formed when mediæval (for US read medieval) humanists got carried away and tried to force German into the Græco-Latin mould of grammar and spelling (a disease that spread to the British Isles, too).
In Figure 5we also try to illustrate the potential abuse of using filtered gene subsets (based on statistics measuring differential expression) to achieve significant results, given that such filtering is commonplace in microarray literature.
"They tried tremendously to help me at the Blind Rehabilitation Center, but the only resources for a businessperson were for the non-disabled and non-blind", Miyares said.
At nearby Barbour’s General Store, an authentic 19th-century grocery, try the local specialty of dulse, an edible seaweed that is New Brunswick’s answer to chewing gum.
Jeans-makers have tried to satisfy the majority by making many different styles and sizes, but for some customers there still are not enough choices.
In other words, the reader needs to wonder, would Moore be making these arguments if he didn't desperately need them to try to save face?
But, as I have tried to explain to some of you, costs trumped caps in HR22; that is, you were still likely to see increases akin to those you experience under current law.
Worst of all, Wanda had to deal with this worsening problem as she was trying to succeed at her new job.
Philae has one of the most evocative sound and light shows in Egypt, so do try and make time to return in the evening to see it .
They're also genuinely curious about the phenomenon of Bush's popularity and are trying to explain it--starting from the premise that it must be justified.
And we used to try to dress up and pretend we were businesswomen.
After the Afghan tribals reported that they had tried such an ambush and failed, the Center gave up on it, despite suspicions that the tribals' story might be fiction.
Try fighting with your head for a change, it's a good one.
By trying to explain why alternatively- or incompletely-cut TAS regions are also multi-TAS regions, while completely-cut positions have a single TAS, we have attempted to infer properties of the trans -acting machinery that works at these sites.
When I tried to get answers to my questions, I got nothing - not even encouragement or advice.
Also try El Galeón, in a make-believe pirate ship that sets sail from under Havana’s La Cabaña fortress.
The equipment is capital intensive, especially if computerized or die-cutting machinery is used; therefore, plant managers try to keep these lines producing as much as possible.
The NYT Timor front-pager focuses on the Washington tempo, noting for instance that the Department of Defense is taking the lead there, with the Pentagon's top soldier trying to jawbone Indonesia's top general into personally taking firm control of the situation.
Or you could try a traditional embroidered hat complete with long silk tassel, now only worn during folkloric spectacles.
Do try to fight the urge to reconnect with Jim Beam.
And, we try to augment this on-going effort with special opportunities for the students, like the Visiting Artists Series, the latest computer graphic equipment, the best faculty and the most meaningful art exhibitions.
(And keep in mind that Tripp was covertly trying to keep the conversation going and to steer it in a certain direction.)
Researchers from fieldwork traditions would have argued that they could provide the most useful information by spending some time at the site of the training program, trying to understand what the program meant to those who were involved in it, and reporting on what was happening from the perspective of those who were making it happen.
Young adults, like Mary T., a jobless mother of three, trying desperately to keep her kids out of trouble in a crime-ridden neighborhood.
Here, the felucca (Nile sailboat) pilots gather, trying to sell an afternoon or sunset trip on their graceful craft, and Nile Cruisers lie several abreast, disgorging their passengers for tours or shopping trips.
The player who has devised a `double' provides to the others a definition, whereupon they <b>try</b> to respond with the precise double.
In the field of injury epidemiology and injury control, we try to avoid the use of the term "accidents" and instead use terms such as "injury events."
Consider, he said, legal language, and try translating it to ordinary statements about human agents without using legal concepts.
If you’d like to try fishing, you can get yourself a good barbecued supper of white fish, pike perch or eel from the Havel, Müggelsee, and the Glienicker See.
Advocates also argue that interest is essentially created by the program because taxes and accounting costs would eat away the money if lawyers tried to set up a similar program to benefit the clients.
Cruise's brow is preternaturally low, and when he tries to simulate brain activity he looks like a Neanderthal contemplating his Cro-Magnon neighbor's presentation of fire: What this orange snake make finger feel hot?
Try the pavilion at sunrise and the mosque at sunset.
You can take a taxi or try a camel ride, very appropriate given the terrain.
It’s hard to imagine a faith more hostile to all idolatry, fierce in its uncompromising monotheism, and opposed to the caste system as Islam When sufi mystics or the emperor Akbar tried to create a synthesis between the two faiths, the orthodox on both sides resisted.
Japan is still trying to define its place in a world in which it is constantly accused of being an economic whale but a political minnow — just one of the pieces of the puzzle that is modern Japan.
If, after concluding a deal, you try to pay with a credit card, he may then boost the price in order to cover the card charges.
Try Marcus-Graf (ul. Widok 10, in Beniaminów near Warsaw; Tel. 816 10 08), TM Pretor (ul. Zaaruskiego 6, Warsaw; Tel. 838 25 35), Rival Paintball Guns (ul. Bartosika 10/77, Warsaw; Tel. 671 22 63), or Extreme Sports (ul. Klaudyny 18/5, Warsaw; Tel. 833 73 73).
Pilgrims, often making the last of the trek on their knees, pray to her image and place mementos and offerings of thanks for her miracles; among them are small boats and prayers for those who have tried to escape Cuba on rafts.
Nearly everyone knows the game of bingo, the mini-lottery in which players <b>try</b> to line up a horizontal or vertical row of randomly drawn numbers.
The picturesque Petit Trianon, where Marie-Antoinette tried to hide from the Revolution, has the allure of a doll’s house in comparison with the rest of Versailles.
Try looking down some of the side-streets off the Ku’damm.
Fishing is an extremely popular sport in Britain; with so many lakes to choose from and so much breathtaking countryside all around, the Lake District is an ideal place to try your hand.
Try the Aquarium of the Lakes at Lakeside, the Pencil Museum at Keswick, or the World of Beatrix Potter Exhibition at Bowness.
However, even some of these will prove remarkably flexible if you try bargaining.
During the spring and autumn festivals, when people traditionally seek out the hilltops, the throngs are so large you would be better advised to try another time.
If you try to drive here, you’ll have to pay to travel the access road.
Cruise around the Great Lakes, try the watersports on Georgian Bay, and explore the Thousand Islands or Point Pelee nature reserve.
Look out for jewelry along carrer Plateria, and try carrer Jaume II for clothing and fans.
Try your hand at haggling and you are guaranteed to get a better price than you thought.
Try Jacadi, Oilily, or Tartine et Chocolat.
The remains, which include streets with houses and pretty communal squares, have been placed under a protective, corrugated roof that gets hot and crowded, so try to visit as early in the day as possible.
For fabrics, also try Western Market, Morrison Street, in Central.
Prices are as marked; do not try to bargain.
The years from 1946 to 1949 saw the Dutch trying to reassert control; however, weakened as it was from years of Nazi occupation, the Netherlands was not able to muster the huge forces needed to recapture all the islands.
Today it stands beside the new fast road and its prayers are perhaps most needed by those trying to cross from the opposite side to visit it.
The seafood along this coast is especially good: try the reasonably priced lobster and giant periwinkles.
You can also try the pendozalis.
You might find yourself looking at an old man or woman, guessing how old they were on 6 August 1945 and trying to imagine what they were doing at 8:15am, the instant of the atomic explosion that reverberated around the world.
The merchants at first tried the soft sell, offering cloth, wine, and necklaces for ivory and gold, but the traders of Calicut were insulted at being taken for “natives” who could be bought with cheap hooch and glass baubles.
In south Tenerife you can also try Bonadea II (Puerto Colón, dock pantalan 4); Sea Quest (Puerto Colón, dock pantalan 8).
Before he could try again, a messenger arrived with an order commuting Nichiren’s sentence to exile on the island of Sadogashima.
Nevertheless--the "nevertheless" paragraph ineluctably follows the "to be sure" one--it would be a mistake to try to turn back the clock.
Cummins and Hewlett Packard managers indicated that, in the past, their companies learned the hard way by trying to make quantum leaps in product performance and by including immature technologies.
The highlight: To prevent the financially-stricken D.C. government from trying to collect some $300 million in local taxes, Fannie Mae threatens to drop its $3 million in support for D.C. charities.
We will only know the extent to which we were successful when other groups try to reuse and extend these software tools.
Clothing: Leather is a popular item, though rarely cheap; try Tel Aviv.
yeah that that huge it's suppose to be a huge stadium and it's going to have little shopping centers in it and little like a lake or something running through it and uh they're going to try to make it a real community center out there
(Apparently the publishers are trying to pass this book off to some buyers as neutral social history.)
Between the Nipponbashi and Namba districts, try to find nearby Doguya-suji, (“Kitchen Street”), a narrow alley of restaurant wholesalers.
During the 1992 campaign, when Gennifer Flowers first brought Clinton's philandering to public attention, Stephanopoulos--as Clinton's chief spinner, distracter, and all-around bullshit artist--played a crucial role in discrediting Flowers and anyone else who tried to point out the truth, namely that Clinton had a disturbing zipper problem.
He said he was just trying to help them get the money they needed for credit card bills and home improvements.
I sat there and I cried but I tried to be as understanding as possible because I knew my mother struggled really hard to even keep food on the table for us.
Try to vary the kind of places that you stay in.
(I won't begin to justify all the bad reasons for Barry's popularity--race resentment, patronage, etc.--but will <b>try</b> to explain one good one .) Even for Washingtonians who had forgiven Barry his crimes, the prospect of another campaign appalled.
For information about lessons and/or group excursions, try Armathwaite Hall, Equestrian Centre, Coalbeck Farm, Bassenthwaite, Keswick; Tel. (017687) 76949 (open year-round), or Park Foot Trekking Centre, Pooley Bridge, Ullswater; Tel. (017684) 86696 (open March–October).
He writes that several years ago he tried to persuade Norman to devise a screenplay about Shakespeare's relationship with the homosexual playwright Christopher Marlowe, whose murder in a tavern in 1593 forms a subplot to Shakespeare in Love . Other scholars are gentler on the film.
The basic life-cycle model of saving holds that people are trying to smooth their standard of living over their lifetime.
They tried to make up for the ugliness of their new building by restoring Number Twenty Nine as a museum representing a typical bourgeois house of the period (see page 65).
"People have tried to suggest they are former friends, but when the dust settles I think they'll be okay."
On July 11, Hadley tried to hurry along preparation of the armed system.
But no one tried to correct its appealing tilt, insignificant when compared to the Tower of Pisa but notable nonetheless.
Creationists, recognizing this equation, try to force precisely this choice.

Chinese tourists — and poets — might spend a week or more exploring the mountains, but foreign visitors try to squeeze it all into a day or two.
The Post ought to try to see how many actual letter carriers ever saw the inside of a suite.
We're trying to say that solo practice can be among the highest forms of public service, and is the only channel possible to serving low-income people."
For a traditional pub where you can sit among the locals, try the Guildford Arms, on West Register Street one block north of the east end of Princes Street.
I say anyone who writes a masterpiece does a service to literature, just as anyone who tries to make a work of art grist for their political mill does it a disservice.
Here he came across about 14 units, many of which had been trying to find safe access to the South Tower.
In September 1944, Operation Market Garden, made famous in the film A Bridge Too Far, saw thousands of allied paratroops dropping into the Netherlands to try and take key bridges on rivers leading to Germany.
The trouble was that while "heroic rebel defies orthodoxy" is a story so good that nobody even tries to check it out, "guy makes minor contribution to well-established field, proclaims himself its founder" is so boring as to be unpublishable.
It’s easy to tell that they are not: Printed patterns don’t penetrate fully to the other side, while the real batik will show thin veins of color where the dye runs along tiny cracks in the wax (printed versions may try to simulate this).
I can remember being greatly embarrassed once when I was trying to explain in Spanish about my being embarrassed, and how shocked my high school amigos were when I announced, they thought, that I was pregnant ( embarazada ). Incidentally, the last time we were in Guatemala we often heard the beautiful expression for `being pregnant,' tener gracia `to have grace' or `to be blessed.
Among the other popular water sports you might try are scuba diving and snorkeling.
"Nelson," said the patriarch, "whom are we trying to impress?"
In Sarawak, the best beaches are northwest of Kuching, at Damai, Santubong, or Bako National Park; in Sabah, either at Kota Kinabalu’s offshore islands of the Tunku Abdul Rahman National Park or up at Kudah on the northernmost tip of Borneo; over on Sabah’s east coast try the islands in and around Sandakan Bay.
During one heated GOP caucus, he made a scene by telling the speaker that he wouldn't succeed in intimidating him, because burly NFL linebackers had tried and failed.
For serious antiques, try Honeychurch Antiques at no.
A second point that we would make To help avoid confusion Don't try to charge the same amount!
Before trying to explore how various reform options might affect national saving, it is useful to highlight how the current Social Security program affects personal saving, the Social Security trust fund, and government saving.
One of Bradley's former opponents, Baltimore Bullet forward Jack Marin, spent every game "trying to escape Bradley's vise-like hold on his shorts," the Washington Post recently reported.
In phase three, if theTaliban's policy still did not change, the deputies agreed that the United States would try covert action to topple the Taliban's leadership from within.
Cave 31 tries to emulate the style of the great Hindu temple on a much smaller scale, but the artists here were working on much harder rock and so abandoned their effort.
I've tried to do the same in writing about the place, for while I think Celebration is a flawed experiment with insidious implications, I also think that Disney was adventurous to <b>try</b> it, and that the architects and planners Disney employed to make it a reality are in thrall to a worthy ideal.
According to legend, a scholar tried to write a poem worthy of the cave’s beauty, but before he could find adequate words he had turned to stone.
The six-year-old has been living with Miami relatives after being picked up at sea November 25 while trying to escape Cuba with his mother and others who died when their boat capsized."
For modern painting, try the art galleries around Connaught Place in New Delhi and Mumbai’s Pundole and Chemould Galleries, not to <b>forget</b> the Academy of Fine Arts in Calcutta.
But trying to starve the terrorists of money is like <b>trying</b> to catch one kind of fish by draining the ocean.
Try Loughrigg and Loughrigg Terrace, easily reached from Grasmere village, for superb views of Windermere and Grasmere lakes.
In a letter to the NYT , a working mother explains how her household handles her child's homework: "First ask the babysitter for help; if that fails, try Mom's fax if she's not traveling to close a deal; if that fails, <b>try</b> Dad's fax if he's not in court, and if all of the above fail, call Grandma Ro.
U.S. authorities had continued to try to get cooperation from Pakistan in pressing the Taliban to stop sheltering Bin Ladin.
From Guadeloupe, try Les Saintes and Marie-Galante, which both have safe anchorages or sail further to Antigua.
And where greater zealots might enlist "etiquette's weapon of disapproval" to try to restructure society and family life--sanctioning, say, births "out of what was sternly called wedlock"--Miss Manners demurs: "Miss Manners does not oppose the use of social pressure to encourage stable family life.
06-693 9377); try a kayak or go inner-tubing on the Jordan River at Park Hayarden (Abukayak; tel. 06-06-922 245) or at Kibbutz Kfar Blum, tel. 06-694 8755.
Try lingerie and no underwear.
The impetus behind PKQuest is to try and develop a "standard" set of human PBPK parameters that can be applied in the absence of this detailed information.
Try to visit early or late in the day to avoid the tour groups, or on Mondays, when most tours don’t operate; and remember to wear comfortable, flat shoes as there are many slippery stones worn smooth over the centuries, and numerous uneven areas where heels can catch.
Indeed, the Times notes, no president has even tried to offer a balanced one since 1971.
Work underway is focused on trying to develop a standardized PCR methodology for all filariasis programs to employ [ 14 ] . Simple standardized methods would permit comparisons of infection levels across epidemiologic settings as has been done with PCR assays for O. volvulus in black flies for Onchocerciasis control programs [ 4 5 ] . PCR methods for onchocerciasis work reliably for pools of up to 100 fly heads, an important advantage in terms of cost and throughput.
Try the Yuanlong Embroidery and Silk Store at the south entrance to the Temple of Heaven or the Ruifuxiang Silk and Cotton Store on the Dazhalan Mall off Qianmen Dajie.
When air disasters occur, there is an investigation to determine the cause, much as, at the end of a relationship, we try to understand why it failed, but without the advantage of voice recording, so we're left to squabble endlessly over who said what.
It's just this hard when I try to answer the question: Why do older Oklahomans need lawyers?
Perhaps the Muslim conquerors once perceived the Hindus’ reverence for Varanasi as a threat — there is no temple in this 3,000-year-old city dating from before the 18th century — but later it became a holy city for Muslims, too, with Emperor Aurangzeb even trying to rename it Muhammadabad.
(The secret: Knees together, and don't try to stride.)
In both performance measurement and human capital development, practices used by the federal CIOs differed from those of CIOs in leading organizations, though federal CIOs were actively trying to address the issues.
Try it yourself, perhaps at dawn, when a thin haze drapes itself over the pavilions, redefining yet softening the features of this storybook skyline.
Henry Adams said, "Pierpont Morgan is apparently trying to swallow the sun."
It was not mentioned in Raymond Pace Alexander's piece how he worked in the 1950s to try to desegregate Girard College (he failed) and how he <b>tried</b> to get the Mummers in their annual parade to stop using blackface makeup (he failed there, too).
Third, in parallel with Manderson and Aygepong's work in Ghana [ 15 ] , who found that knowledge of malaria was not a necessary prerequisite for mosquito-avoidance behaviour, we also found that many inhabitants are actively trying to avoid being bitten, even if knowledge of how malaria is transmitted is incorrect or lacking.
Not yet, but she tries to.
Try to be there in late afternoon when a handful of resident monks chant timeless Gregorian vespers.
Hoberman, the New York Times Book Review ). Set in 1830s New York, the book features an eclectic cast of characters--hucksters, one-legged actresses, anti-Semitic pamphleteers, a man who tries to establish a Jewish state in upstate New York--who combine to form "a richly textured, almost Dickensian community" (Alexandra Lange, New York ). The New Yorker calls it "a work of singular, surreal vision."
It’s certainly worth trying.
Far from protecting PK's reputation, the boys keep trying to get inside its blouse.
Volunteer pro bono and Legal Aid services such as these are vitally needed as poor and moderate-income Oregonians try to stay healthy in a sick economy.
For an overall view, try the Skylon and Minolta towers.
You wonder why no one has ever tried this before.
The Byzantine Emperor at the time, Manuel II (1391–1425), tried to appease his enemies by allowing a Turkish district, mos­que, and tribunal within his city, and by courting Turkish goodwill with gifts of gold, but to no avail.
1. To betray, cheat, destroy, reject, ruin, sabotage, stymie, swindle, terminate, wreck: Churchill tried to fxxx the deal on the second front.
Don't try to make any stupid moves.
Try to get there an hour before sunset for the best light.
Moreover, there seems to be a distinct preference for applicants who resemble the security investigators themselves--exceptionally sober people who have never danced in a London disco, never had a Japanese girlfriend or a Brazilian boyfriend, and never tried smoking pot while in college.
The Cleveland Center controllers began to try to identify the possible source of the transmissions, and noticed that United 93 had descended some 700 feet.
" 'What I try to write about are the darkest things in the soul, the mortal dreads.
With so many people trying to get away from it all, it is the perfect contrast to our urban existence.
But try as I might, my tabloid sensibility keeps being drawn back to the flap over Hillary Clinton's interview with Lucinda Franks in the debut issue of Talk .
In our guidelines we tried to relate the possible benefits of sedation to the basic concerns of palliative care by using it as a reversible therapeutic procedure.
If you have the time, try to visit St. Peter’s Basilica and the Vatican Museums on separate days to avoid fatigue and visual overload.
"I want to be absolutely clear, to the extent there is any implication or the slightest suggestion that Mrs. Currie believes that the President or anyone else tried to influence her recollection, that is absolutely false and a mischaracterization of the facts.
Imme­di­ately to the right of Jesus is the weighing of the souls, with Saint Michael trying to stop Satan from cheating.
IF YOU DO NOT COMPLY, THEN IT WILL NOT BE MY FAULT IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE YOUR PACKAGE Once you send the money, try to notify us with the MTCN for confirmation and for immediate action on the release of your consignment.
And any attempt for me to try and move this fund alone in my name will cause me more problems than I can imagine as an African young boy, as the government may bent on taking this money from me and my sister.
If you have the fear of God Almighty and believe that you can help me please respond to this mail include with your direct telephone number and also try to call me for more details.
He kissed my sloppily on my neck, as I tried to throw myself off him.
Rather than really engage, I tried to take better stock of the situation.
I tried to argue back.
You wanna keep your wits about you if they try to pull a fast one on you.
You should be sleeping too, but you’re too busy trying to find the colors of the city.
Do you know what they're trying this time?
Everyone’s trying to figure out what went wrong and crap.
It is like he has suddenly let go of his past love, or at least decided to try and move on.
People tried to convince me to go through with all of the things doctors kept trying to fix by telling me "I can't imagine not being able to see.
People tried to convince me to go through with all of the things doctors kept trying to fix by telling me "I can't imagine not being able to see.
As we turned the corner, I tried to think of something to say to continue a conversation.
They were running alongside us, trying to attack.
He didn't know ANYTHING , yet he was still trying to "˜comfort' me.
Both Chloe and Alex decided to fully immerse themselves in the film on the screen to try and deny themselves the truth in what had happened just minutes ago.
He tried framing her face in a little square with his hands.
StopThe water drew cold chills up her spine and her skin shriveled as if trying to wring water out of itself.
As I worked my jaw, I blinked my eyes, trying to adjust to the brightness of the floodlamps behind that illuminated the room before me.
Seth tries to secure Calvin in his arms but the G force plasters him to the floor as the house shifts from the earth and lifts off at a speed unfathomable.
he asked trying to get a casual conversation going.
Im tempted to try you againWind me up and let me spinAddiction’s not badIt’s a sinKnowing clearly what may becomeLet me go, Im doneYou’re full of lust, pride, greed and shameYou said no one can escape the painIn the quietI yearn to be in your silver pool of lightWith your arms wrapped around me in the deep nightIm tempted to try you againBut I think I’ll get the better of itWhen your at hand
Im tempted to try you againWind me up and let me spinAddiction’s not badIt’s a sinKnowing clearly what may becomeLet me go, Im doneYou’re full of lust, pride, greed and shameYou said no one can escape the painIn the quietI yearn to be in your silver pool of lightWith your arms wrapped around me in the deep nightIm tempted to try you againBut I think I’ll get the better of itWhen your at hand
Nice to see you haven’t lost your wonderful sense of humor,” she said, “but stop trying to change the subject.
Sure, I tried to take it off.
What am I trying to prove anyway?
What are you trying to prove?
It probably looked a little funny, me lying there humming, him trying to talk to me.
I rolled back over, trying to get back to my dream.
He repeated and maybe, he was trying to convince both of us.
I ignored it, not trying to ruin tomorrows fun.
I constantly tried to get into the conversations he was in, I felt like i had to keep up an appearance around him.
The little boy looked at me curiously, as if he were trying to read my face.
The creature was the flapping wildly, trying to regain flight, but it still fell, falling, falling, down to earth.
The soles of my feet nearly burned off from the friction I made trying to stop myself.
MONTREAL TRADES FLOYD TO RED SOX FOR TWO PITCHERS Less than three weeks after outfielder Cliff Floyd was imported to Montreal to play a pivotal part in the Expos' playoff plans, he was traded to Boston Tuesday night to try his hand in what the Red Sox hope will be their postseason plans.
But as the day wore on, the Red Sox tried harder and by Tuesday night were able to get the player they wanted for their lineup.
I'm homeless now trying to find a place to lay my head," he said.
In an unprecedented move, the auction proceeds were split by the U.S. Mint and a London coin dealer, Stephen Fenton, who had won that right in court after having been arrested by Secret Service agents for trying to sell the coin in the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in Manhattan in 1996.
Ibrahim might never have been tried had he not written an article taking note of Mubarak's efforts to create a presidential dynasty.
I am trying to get this sogned today, so I can head down to Florida to meet up with Don and company.
Please, try Frank Wolak from Stanford University.
I'd like to think that is in large part what I have been trying to do.
Please, try Frank Wolak from Stanford University.
Please, try Frank Wolak from Stanford University.
Please, try Frank Wolak from Stanford University.
Vince, I will certainly try.
I would prefer, however, to try informal channels first to avoid confrontational approach.
The "visual of a billboard and a narration" is viewed by you as evidence that Moore is trying to somehow tie the two events together, when in reality, it is quite obvious that he does it to separate the introduction of Heston from his speech in Denver.
Even if your "re-enactment" theory is true (and I see no evidence that you have actually tried to ask the people involved in the filmmaking for their opinion), this itself is not unethical, and you have no evidence whatsoever that Moore has done anything unethical here, just like you have no evidence that Moore has unethically removed parts of the interview.
Other than towards the NRA, the movie tries hard to avoid simplistic conclusions, and comes up with some thoughtful answers.
You need to try to have a life outside your computer.
By trying to "stamp out" terrorism by killing terrorists, Bush and Israel have made things infinitely worse for us: more dangerous, not safer.
We try to be even-handed in opposing all terrorism, although we recognize that the greatest terrorist threat in the world today comes from radical Muslims who falsely believe that Allah approves of their criminal behavior against Israel, The United States, Russia, India, the Philippines, Australia, and others whom they falsely believe to be "waging war against Allah.
And the second-greatest terrorist threat comes from several countries, mainly Israel, who sometimes resort to terrorism themselves, claiming "self-defense," as they desperately try to prevent further attacks by radical Muslims.
Is this "negotiating with terrorists" or "trying to appease the terrorists," as some Israeli/NeoCons would try to say?
Is this "negotiating with terrorists" or "trying to appease the terrorists," as some Israeli/NeoCons would try to say?
When we talked about the giving, and how one should try to give what one could to other sentient beings (in the form of material items, kind words, protection, and so on), Khenpo Kalsang shared a story of the Buddha, and how the Buddha had given his flesh so that a family of hungry tigers could eat.
A person is never "done," and so, I'll continue to observe and discuss and study, trying to pick the directions in which I'll change, and trying to make tomorrow better than today.
A person is never "done," and so, I'll continue to observe and discuss and study, trying to pick the directions in which I'll change, and trying to make tomorrow better than today.
According to Registrar Dan Giannini, “The rationale behind such a system is to try to send the message that all courses are equal in worth and that one shouldn’t try to distinguish between courses based on time spent in or out of class.
But as soon as I coughed, I laughed, and I did not try to kill myself that night.
I will not talk of the first time Tasha and I tried any act of sex or sport together.
Malaquez tried to mediate, but I saw him as siding with Tasha.
As one grip/electrician explained: ‘‘‘There’s no tried and true way to get started.
But here's the thing -- frogs are mutating due to the planet trying to kill itself.
As someone trying to get a government job with great benefits where the qualification is basically, "take this constitution and defend it with your life," Tea Party Republicans spend an awful lot of time tearing it up and reassembling the pieces to their acquired tastes.
As someone trying to get a government job with great benefits where the qualification is basically, "take this constitution and defend it with your life," Tea Party Republicans spend an awful lot of time tearing it up and reassembling the pieces to their acquired tastes.
They try to exert some sort of control over it's meaning by elevating it to a level that makes it untouchable.
But in order to regain some control over their lives that they firmly believe they've lost, they're now trying to determine, with unwavering certainty, that we've all been doing this wrong the whole time and if we just get back to what the founders wanted, everything will be ok.
you don't reason with people who believe these things, any more than you'd try to reason with charles manson.
I think those trying to diminish the separation are probably secret Muslim sympathizers that are sneaking SHARIA LAW in on us!
It's not the fact that she tried and failed to dictate content within a Constitutional Amendment; it's the fact that she knew she did not know and said what she said regardless.
Do not try to make sense out of anything of this if you're not thinking like a...
In a way, all this tries to approach terroir from a slight distance; plus the historical distinctions between the two premium distinctive varietal regions, Napa county and Sonoma county.
Maybe try more exclamation points....
The missionaries struggled valiantly against the dictates of the desert, trying simultaneously to survive the harshness of their circumstances and spread the Mormon faith.
About the time I was composing my last words in my head, trying not to think too much about what suffocating felt like, that's when I heard a bell.
I didn't bother trying to seek out a different group of potentially more interesting people, though.
I smothered thoughts of friends back on Earth—this was my long-awaited vacation, my clean break and my temporary retreat; I'd try contacting those friends tomorrow.
I wondered why, if he had such an unpropitious outlook, he hadn't tried to change his situation.
You can try to hold on,” said Ray.
You can try and try and try.
You can try and try and try.
You can try and try and try.
I could tell she was trying to remember whom she had known who had left, and failing.
Never try to teach a pig to sing.
The Russians tried to blame the incident on a collision with an unidentified object.
It turns out that the submarine crew was trying to load Microsoft Windows on their fire control computer.
Captain: Hmmm, well try clicking on the menu.
Seaman: I am trying Sir.
Captain: Try 'CTRL-ALT-DELETE'!
Captain: Try 'CTRL-ALT-DELETE' again.
CHIP - Pasture muffins that you try not to step in.
She screamed and fainted, the snake rushed back under the sofa, and the neighbor man, seeing her laying there passed out tried to use CPR to revive her.
They were about to arrest them all, when the two women tried to explain how it all happened over a little green snake.
The other policeman tried to beat out the flames and fell through the window into the yard on top of the family dog, who startled, jumped up and raced out into the street, where an oncoming car swerved to avoid it and smashed into the parked police car and set it on fire.
He kept trying to get the message across to a bunch of men who JUST DIDN'T GET IT.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
Peter and his wife both tried to calm him down, asking him what was wrong.
A woman was worried whether or not her dead husband made it to heaven, so she decided to try to contact his spirit by having a seance.
YOU LOOK TERRIFIC" Translation: "Oh, God, please don't try on one more outfit, I'm Starving.
To this end, please be advised about the following: First, I have noticed that whereas I personally attend to your telephone calls and letters, when I try to contact you I am confronted by the impersonal, ever-changing, pre-recorded, faceless entity which your bank has become.
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.
The animal cried piteously for hours as the farmer tried to figure out what to do.
Pretty soon, everyone was amazed as the donkey stepped up over the edge of the well and thoroughly kicked the guy that tried to bury him before trotting off!
Moral: When you try to cover your ass, it will usually come back to get you
When the zookeepers asked the ape what he was doing, the ape replied, "I'm trying to figure out whether I am my brother's keeper or my keeper's brother.
David Brenner One Way To Get It In The Neck…… "Most people are pretty scared of werewolves, but I bet if you saw one crying because the other wolves had made fun of him, you'd be like me and would probably feel sorry for him and try to pet him.
He tried to kill a vampire by driving a pork chop through its heart because steaks were too expensive.
The turtle tried again and again while a couple of birds sitting on a branch watched his sad efforts.
If you try to suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die.
Now, when was the last time you left your tongue print someplace, or tried to lick your elbow?
The man thought for a moment, then said, "I want a spectacular job --a job that no man has ever succeeded at or has ever even dared try.
But in modern management (and organisations and government); because of the heavy investment of time, money and energy which has gone into the establishment and maintenance of these critters; other strategies are often tried with these dead horses, including the following: 1.
Words To Live By If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
Always try to be modest: And be proud of it!
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of payments.
Management If at first you don't succeed, try management.
ALAN GRANT God knows I tried, Ian.
Feist opinion very clearly sets out the implied limits, a per se limit for originality, for the reasons Justice Breyer was trying to get me to say. The
To be sure, automated selection of and translation to a registered MIME charset is a non-trivial task, and mailers which are trying to adopt MIME right away cannot be faulted for deferring development of such functionality for a while.
and mailers which are trying >to adopt MIME right away cannot be faulted for deferring >development of such functionality for a while.
And let me reiterate that I'm not mad at the Pine developers (nor the MIME developers; not mad at anyone, just trying to push a point that I think is important and has been missed).
Some intermediate compromises will have to be used like additional encoding on pathes some insist to not even try to convert to 8-bit, asking the rest of the networks to convert to 7-bit instead and to rewrite all their programs to use a complicated method for sending plain text when the sole problem is that it contains 8-bit data.
'll try to monitor the corner designated to our group on www.w3.org, although the password Dave gave me doesn't work! 
I did not see anything wrong in Bruce's description --all I was trying to do was to fill in the gaps in the description as I perceived --
I'm > certain that Nico was *not* asserting otherwise, but I would Ron is right: I was not trying to assert otherwise, but I was asking a question (perhaps not neutrally enough :-), because I am only vaguely familiar with Mathematica.
It is just when you try to embellish an operator.
I kept my eyes straight ahead and tried to walk more quickly without showing it.
Try to keep in time with me.”
“My plan is that you shut up while we’re trying to conduct business with someone who might be able to tell us what we’re actually going up against.
I shut up and tried to breathe.
I tried to keep myself calm.
Nepthys tried to grab it, but, by reflex, I caught it first.
Nepthys walked straight past him and I tried to keep up, taking Amy’s small hand so that she wouldn’t lag behind.
I thought that I saw one rib shift in its setting, like a cat trying to scratch its back against a wall, but when I turned, it was still.
Isis set her elbows in the fur and rested her head on her hands while I spoke and tried not to stare at her full, hanging breasts.
I tried to slip along the edge of the crowd.
Dvorov tried to peek through the crowd, but it had shifted again and we couldn’t see a thing.
The dancers near us tried to clear some space.
I called out to Amy to shut the door in case the vampire had any friends who might be trying to follow us.
I pulled her into my arms and she tried to put hers around me.
Jose went into Wednesday's game hitting .304 and had thrown out 33 percent (two of six) of baserunners trying to steal.
Did he consider trying to cancel?
Trying to prop up one city’s mills was impossible when faced with the depression that spread throughout the entire industry.
Rather than try and come up with some sort of scenario, the USWA simply ignored what was going on in Youngstown, hoping that perhaps the problem would resolve itself, or at least not spread any further than it already had.
The steel workers who tried to save their jobs and their lives were part of something greater than themselves, something which would endure long after they had moved away and moved on.
Even though they eventually failed, the fact that they tried to preserve what they felt belonged to them is an amazing example of how far people will go to save their lives and the futures of their children.
Scene: small fishing vessel [Jack's hat floats toward a small fishing vessel around sunrise] [a Turkish crewmember pulls Jack's hat out of the water with a hook] [the first sailor tries the hat on, jokingly pretending to be a captain] TURKISH FISHERMAN: Heh-heh-heh.tupayHey!
We were arrested for trying to help *you*.
You get credit for trying.
You didn't try to sail through it?
WILL TURNER: We have to try.
Enrique Norten, the youngest of the three, takes a different course—he is trying to put Modernism back together again.
3 For his next project, the Lenox Library, Hunt tried something different.
Nor does he try to create the illusion that this is a sixteenth-century building—there is no artificial weathering, no aging effect no simulated historicism.
I take pictures and have ideas and enjoy my thoughts and try to do a little something less about consuming and more about redemption every day.
I've even tried rewriting the corrupted sections, but once my characters have gone down that road, nothing can recall their former life.
trying to delve into twitter's IM features testing my twitter capabilities via gtalk for the first time pleased that the test worked thinking about lunch, even though it's only 10.30am I am up, showered, and ready for Tuesday.
erm, just trying out twitter, thanks for asking Having fun with work:-) Sudden sunshine not improving mood.
p watching tv my fav par tof my job -- giving bonuses preparing the report for ps Trying Pownce and still primarily using Jaiku.
signing up for twitter Watching godzilla vs mechagodzilla going to make some dinner and try to calm down after learning that some so called friends are really not calming down : ] After my first camping trip in years, I am so going to enjoy this shower.
Reading: "Mobile phone use in hospitals poses danger: study¬†|¬†Health¬†|¬†Reuters.com" (url at home, trying out launchy Flying to Atlanta in a week..
Still trying to decide whether Twitter adds any meaning to life...
Try to stop me.
Trying to update from my phone.
Trying out Flock ..
Trying out Carrot2 (Open Source Search Results Clustering Engine) like Clusty (ex Vivisimo)/ today's philo discussion was very inspiring.
at work reading Kelley's "The Art of Innovation" and trying out twitter for the first time!
Trying to learn facebook...
Read more here url 10 years of intimate computer relationships, and feels like i'm a monkey on a piano trying to learn this damn mac i've just switched to Life without goals is like driving in an unfamiliar city without a roadmap.
Just try it for a real website and see what I mean.
Trying to recover from jet lag and illness.
Trying out the Adobe Air twhirl twitter client.
Trying to get SharePoint and Exchange to sleep together.
I'm working for NASA The latest eNewsletter is out - url blog spotting Posted 'Stephanie Johnson's Cosmetic + Travel Bags' to blip.tv: url Posted 'Snaek Peek: Element Eden's Summer Collection' to blip.tv: url Trying not to fail the MPRE.
reading trying to get some sort of demo of Dargens.com anonymous p2p to take with me pizza on rails - the concept is looking like a world beater.
I am trying to be patient about the new nine inch nails app that's coming out for iphone...
have you tried to just use the Facebook importer?
My dh thinks Im not serious enough w/it & I think he's WAY 2 serious about it.Trying to reach a happy medium.
Why make that promise when you well know you have no intention of even trying to keep it?
danielshea should really try to get me more.
http://bit.ly/xtsC I am really going to try.
http://tinyurl.com/chrcwh AT&T Trying to Keep iPhone Exclusive Until 2011 [Unconfirmed] : The WSJ reports that AT&T is talking to Apple ri..
We hadn't believed, either the moment we tried MegaDick!
I have tried cock pumps, pills, stretchers and other devices but had no results and was desperate as my marriage was a total disaster.
"In the beginning I considered the gratuitous sample parcel I received was a jest, until I tried to use the P.E.P. Words cannot describe how plume I am with the effects from using this patch for 8 brief weeks.
You owe it to yourself to at least let us try and help you achieve your dreams.
I had tried to take it, and my wife told me that I had changed for the better since then, 3 months later.
Currently we are trying to upgrade our on-line security measures.
After trying many different remedies I heard about Anatrim.
Why don't you join the thousands and thousands of slender customers and try this all-natural appetite suppressing energy boosting product now!
Try it here now and see obedience to your new male power in her eyes!
If, after concluding a deal, you try to pay with a credit card, he may then boost the price in order to cover the card charges.
For serious antiques, try Honeychurch Antiques at no.
For fabrics, also try Western Market, Morrison Street, in Central.
The more daring can try out the terrifying roller-coaster rides.
During the spring and autumn festivals, when people traditionally seek out the hilltops, the throngs are so large you would be better advised to try another time.
You can try your luck at pari mutuel betting on jai-alai at pari mutuel, greyhound-racing at the Cani­drome (one of the largest in the world), and harness-racing on Taipa.
Try a vinho verde, a mildly sparkling young wine from northern Portugal, or a hearty red Dão or Colares.
I will try to do the same thing.
I want to give robust support to the groups that are trying to overthrow Saddam Hussein, and I know there are allegations that they're too weak to do it, but that's what they said about the forces that were opposing Milosevic in Serbia, and you know, the policy of enforcing sanctions against Serbia has just resulted in a spectacular victory for democracy just in the past week, and it seems to me that having taken so long to see the sanctions work there, building upon the policy of containment that was successful over a much longer period of time against the former Soviet Union in the communist block, seems a little early to declare that we should give up on the sanctions.
I know the governor's not necessarily saying that but, you know, all of these flights that have come in, all of them have been in accordance with the sanctions regime, I'm told, except for three where they notified, and they're trying to break out of the box, there's no question about it.
And unfortunately now he is trying to reassert himself in Serbian politics.
Already just today the members of his political party said that they were going to ignore the orders of the new president of Serbia, and that they question his legitimacy, and he's still going to try to be actively involved.
Trying to figure out who the questioner was.
But I do not think that it was an example of a conflict where we should have put our troops in to try to separate the parties for this reason, Jim.
We tried everything else.
Now, we have tried -- our countries tried to create an Africa crisis response team there, and we've met some resistance.
Now, we have tried -- our countries tried to create an Africa crisis response team there, and we've met some resistance.
And we have got to again lead by example and help these other countries that are trying to straighten out their situations find the tools in order to do it.
In Texas I tried to do something innovative.
If he's trying to allege that I'm a hard-hearted person and I don't care about children, he's absolutely wrong.
I've been trying so hard not to.
I found it to be an issue in trying to defend my tax relief package.
And I'm going to try to do better.
One of the reasons I regret it is that getting a detail wrong interfered several times with the point that I was trying to make.
I can promise you that I will try not to, and hard.
I think that what -- I think the point of that is that anybody would have a hard time trying to make a tax cut plan that is so large, that would put us into such big deficits, that gives almost half the benefits to the wealthiest of the wealthy.
When they tried to reduce taxes, he voted against that 127 times.
But we know from the people he's tried to appoint to the court he wants to.
And just look at other countries that have tried to have federally controlled health care.
But I want to warn my fellow citizens: The cost of doing nothing, the cost of saying the current system is OK, far exceeds the costs of trying to make sure we save the system for our children.
That has the benefit of making sure our employers aren't breaking the law as they try to fill their workforce needs.
We have fought to try to raise the minimum wage in the last years.
If we raise the minimum wage, which I will do over several years to $7 an hour, 9. 2 million women who are trying to raise their families would earn another $3,800 a year.
One percent of America got $89 billion last year in a tax cut, but people working hard, playing by the rules, trying to take care of their kids, family values, that we're supposed to value so much in America -- I'm tired of politicians who talk about family values and don't value families.
We used to -- you know, we have a goal there for minority set-aside programs, to try to encourage ownership in the country.
They've tried to undo them.
It also is with respect to women, it's with respect to other efforts to try to reach out and be inclusive in our country.
But if you were elected president, or whoever is elected president, will you set a priority in trying to bring the nation back together?
I've tried to find the common ground, because that's what makes us strong as Americans.
And if Americans trust me with the presidency, I can pledge to you, we will have the most significant effort, openly -- not secret meetings in the White House with special interests, not ideologically driven efforts to push people aside -- but a genuine effort to try to restore America's hope and possibilities by bringing people together.
I'll continue, in the four years, to continue to try to work to do so.
That's not what I was trying to k- though yeah.
Um, I mean, are you saying that, what happens if you try to scale this up to the situation, or are we just dealing with arbitrary language?
So we have to, like - So that it's no longer possible to just look at the nodes themselves and figure out what the person is trying to say.
COKIE [ Nice try, slick ] : Handguns.
The fault may lie with the authors of the original cookbook or recipe, but since Hamlin and McCullough allege that they tried everything out, they share the blame.
Buying jeans is based on both style and fit; for many people this means trying on several different brands and finally making compromises.
As an exception to the general rule of not making big purchases until near the end of your visit, it makes sense to buy camera equipment as soon as possible so you can try it out during the trip.
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow-water work, giving you an opportunity to try out the basic techniques before committing yourself a full open-water course.
She returned to the home on a later visit and the first lady even tried on his leather jacket and posed for a picture on Subia's motorcycle.
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming pool work, which will give you the chance to <b>try</b> out the basic techniques.
