Given that the troubles on the West Bank have not only frosted relations between Arafat and Israel, but also those between Israel and Egypt and between Israel and Saudi Arabia, the paper states that the U.S. is now facing the prospect that the moderate Arab coalition it built after the Persian Gulf war to contain Iraq and Iran is falling apart.
Perhaps the most striking indicator of a change of mood inside the government reported by the paper is the news that cabinet member Ariel Sharon, who as Defense Minister in 1982 got Israel entrenched in Lebanon in the first place, is among those urging a reconsideration of the deployment.
There are, says the paper, a total of 40 such suits on file, with Minnesota's turn coming next week.
The NYT abortion survey, the first conducted by the paper since 1989, was based on telephone interviews of 1,101 people and detects "a notable shift from general acceptance" of having the procedure: from 40 percent to 32 percent.
Some local cable companies, the paper says, expect the fees they'll pay ESPN to go up more than 20 percent.
President Bush also tasked the State Department, which on the following day delivered to the White House a paper titled "Game Plan for a Political- Military Strategy for Pakistan and Afghanistan."
The paper took it as a given that Bin Ladin would continue to act against the United States even while under Taliban control.
Rice prepared a paper that President Bush then considered with principals on Monday morning, September 17.
A Defense Department paper for the Camp David briefing book on the strategic concept for the war on terrorism specified three priority targets for initial action: al Qaeda, theTaliban, and Iraq.
A guy with a bottle-shaped brown paper bag, damp and wrinkled at its upper end, has almost certainly been slugging down a sweet wine of high proof, and the odds are pretty good you would find it is a muscadoodle .
On the other hand, a wino with an empty paper bag on a ramble to maintain his muscat level—now that has a touch of poetry.
One day during a university English class, a very discomfited student, after frantic and obtrusive dictionary work, handed a colleague of mine a scrap of paper.
In addition to writing a research paper, i will be making an exhibition in front of a panel of judges that will demonstrate a connection to the real world.
Her hands dance in mid-air, looking for where she left her pen and paper before her breakdown interlude.
You roll your eyes but willingly oblige; your term paper is not moving any further tonight.
He jotted down something on his paper, and pulled another instrument out of his pocket.
This Thanksgiving, she will finally be free from her research paper...
The little boy returned with a clipboard, and on it was a long piece of paper.
Clinical trials powered to detect differences in YHL would often require fewer subjects than trials to detect survival differences or cardiovascular events [ 10 ] . In this paper we study whether BMI at baseline is associated with living longer, and/or with more years of being healthy, in a cohort of older adults for whom risk factors, subclinical disease, and morbidity are well characterized.
Both authors contributed equally to the paper.
The code for this, adapted from Russell’s paper, might look like this:
The graph in Example 2 will serve as a point of departure for the subsequent analysis; while we will periodically refer back to some of its specific elements, it should be understood that even when not explicitly referenced, this graph serves as the explanatory goal of this paper.
The Fuller, Lu, & Saper paper [PDF], published in Science , discusses the mechanism, though a more recent paper argues that the Fuller et al. results are inconclusive .
The Fuller, Lu, & Saper paper [PDF], published in Science , discusses the mechanism, though a more recent paper argues that the Fuller et al. results are inconclusive .
Emil Malaquez arrived after sundown, carrying a small package wrapped in what looked like real paper.
Tasha snatched it from him to rip away the paper.
However, for the purposes of this paper, homosexuality will be looked at solely in terms of men).
Curious, a man walked over, bought a paper, and checked the front page.
What he saw was yesterday's paper.
The man said, "Hey, this is an old paper, where's the story about the big swindle?
Paper is always strongest at the perforations.
A young girl who was writing a paper for school came to her father and asked, "Dad, what is the difference between anger and exasperation?
They created the rex, and from what I've read in the paper, they created a beast capable of killing the rex.
What about rendering to paper??
The hunchback pulled out a scrap of paper and scribbled something on it with his fingernail, then handed it to Nepthys.
 I hope you will be pleasantly surprised -- and delighted -- with the enclosed National Wildlife Wrapping Paper Collection and matching gift tags.
The wrapping paper and matching gift cards feature delightful holiday wildlife images that will come in handy for wrapping your last minute presents.
When you use the attractive wrapping paper and gift tags, you will be helping us spread the word about saving America’s wildlife treasures and their habitat.
Please use the enclosed holiday gift wrapping paper and gift tags to help spread the word about our mission of conservation to your friends and family.
The operators at the East Fishkill factory wear light nylon uniforms, light blue shoe coverings and translucent hair nets made of paper.
I made eight; the last two were totally pulverized after being jostled in a paper bag for half an hour.
Opening a side drawer, he took out a piece of paper and his inkpot.
After filling his pen, Allan looked at his paper in the orange glow from the lantern set back in the desk's right-hand corner.
He had filled his pen and raised it, the nib descending towards the paper, before the sound came: the gentle, persistent tapping of the gnarled, primeval willow touching the window with long, insistent fingers.
Allan filled page after page, the words escaping from his mind onto the paper.
"So," he asked, "you don't think it's a waste of ink and paper, a futile expedition into morbidity or literary debauchery?"
is wondering how the hell she's going to write a 10-page paper on text messaging...
Reading software design using java 2 Sourcing, recruiting Back to paper of Piratpartiet.
The State: Reward for arrest in animal crimes http://bit.ly/9GSUQ Amazing how happy a little piece of paper can make me today!
With the cost of publishing a paper rising,..
Sent money faster than writing and mailing paper checks
Fish (heads discreetly wrapped in paper) are still hung out to dry in the sun.
The individual artisans’ shops are no longer here, but you can visit a silk-weaving factory, a ceramics plant, and the Foshan Folk Art Studio, where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns, carving sculptures, painting scrolls, and cutting intricate designs in paper.
The British paper, packaging and publishing concern, said profit from continuing lines fell 10% to #118 million from #130.6 million.
The paper also sees the idea of censuring President Clinton losing momentum.
Indeed, the LAT and NYT s quote Mikhail Gorbachev from an interview in an Italian paper saying that Yeltsin did not want to resign but was pushed out by a trio of this inner circle including his daughter.
In its main editorial Monday, the paper said the British had particular cause for dismay over the United States' "punishing tariffs" on their products, because they have given "unquestioning and unhesitating support for all U.S. policies and actions--even to the extent of exposing their own citizens and interests to danger, and calling into question their true commitment to Europe."
And the paper quotes Clinton in reaction to Reno's recent statement that she was 'mad' about the White House's lag on the coffee tapes: "You should have been there when I heard about it."
To qualify for matching funds, campaigns must verify the addresses, phone numbers, signatures, and occupations of all donors--and constructing this paper trail can be costly.
And the paper points to the most likely cause of the trend with its citation of a new Journal of the American Medical Association paper stating that doctors often prescribe antibiotics for colds and bronchitis caused by viruses even though antibiotics are ineffective against viruses.
Chernomyrdin's initial public comments, says the paper, harks back to Soviet times, with his suggestion of more government support for ailing industries.
The paper's top non-local story, which nobody else fronts, is Israeli P.M.
The paper led its front page with Ecevit saying that he hopes there will now be a solution to the Kurdish problem, though in the interview he spoke of achieving this not through greater political autonomy, as the Kurds demand, but through economic improvements in the southeast region of Turkey where they live.
The paper calls this Gore's "sharpest public break" yet with President Clinton's policies and says that it represents a change from the position Gore had been taking as recently as this past weekend.
The paper reports that construction shortcuts were common in older high-rises, including cases where building crews used vegetable oil cans instead of bricks.
Although Blair was described in the headline of a Jerusalem Post editorial as a "most welcome visitor" to Israel, the paper said the idea "that the Stormont wizard can perform another miracle in the Holy Land is nice, but somewhat unreal."
The paper observes that the anxiety over child safety among current parents, the largest generation of American parents ever, has considerably broadened the constituency for victims' rights.
The New York Times , which also fronts the Court's disability decision, leads instead with the NYC school chancellor's threat to quit if the city goes ahead with a planned tax-funded private school voucher program, but the paper's top non-local story is the U.S.' imposition (as promised last December) of 100 percent tariffs on certain European luxury goods.
The Washington Post lead is the paper's latest poll results indicating that in the wake of last week's vote to start an impeachment investigation, public support for the Republican-held Congress and Republican congressional candidates has dropped considerably, most of all among likely voters and independents.
The paper bases its story on CIA documents.
As the Indian army went on full alert, the paper said, "New Delhi is aware that the military regime in Islamabad will mean more trouble in Kashmir.
(2001) that the scheme used in that work and in Figure 4of this paper has advantages for representing the topology of signaling networks.
The California state bar, now has, says the paper, a backlog of 6,556 unresolved complaints against attorneys.
And I say this as someone also perfectly comfortable with computers; I'd have a hard time getting any kind of serious writing done on paper (though I do love fountain pens and think they're not at all inconvenient), and I can comfortably revise and edit onscreen.
The paper reports that in general, the states are reacting conservatively, plowing most of the found money into tax cuts, schools, and contingency funds.
The paper reported, meanwhile, that republican and loyalist terrorist groups are both preparing for new violence.
The paper lays much of the blame for this on the inadequacies of the D.C. medical examiner's office.
But with its top line, the paper does best communicate the government's sense of urgency: "U.S.
Yet neither paper explains what Congress can do about the deal.
This paper describes the first attempt in any organism to determine how the presence of a replication enhancer next to a core replication origin alters the relative importance of the sequences within the core origin.
As they worked on defining the goals and objectives of the upcoming campaign, they considered a paper that went beyond al Qaeda to propose the "elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life," an aim that would include pursuing other international terrorist organizations in the Middle East.
Robert Sack wrote a delightful paper [PDF] on jet lag, by the way, which is where I'm getting much of my information.
In the paper, "self-control" is used to mean a sense of willpower.
Lecturing at Kajaani, Working with a paper about Piratpartiet The eagle has flown!

Resources for the Future Discussion Paper 00-37.
