This translation conveys the meaning of the French title, all right, but is nevertheless unacceptable because such jaunty informality would be totally out of character for the priest whose warm yet solemn farewell at a tragic parting gives the movie its title.
It is interesting to see how warm he grew toward Alexander Hamilton (he signed his letters "I am Your Affectionate"), and how awkward and self-conscious toward Jefferson, whose allies were berating Washington "in such exaggerated and indecent terms as could scarcely be applied to a Nero; a notorious defaulter; or even to a common pick-pocket."
6. "After news broke that Coca-Cola is contemplating selling its drinks in a temperature-sensitive vending machine , which will be able to raise prices as it gets hotter outside, a Pepsi spokesman said that Coke's plans would 'exploit consumers who live in warm climates.
Also in ancient times shepherds built fires to keep themselves warm and to scare off the wolves.
Norm Scharf lured me to Florida with promises of sunshine, warm temperatures and the chance to follow Gene Del Polito on a panel.
Q's warm sentimentality is really smugness.
The beaches on the western coast of Cozumel offer crystal-clear, warm water with generally benign conditions and a range of facilities such as restaurants, rest rooms, and lockers.
To address this possibility, we reared experimental subjects and prepared antennal samples in a temperature cycle (27°C:18°C) in DD and then tested the antennal samples in constant darkness at a constant warm temperature 27° (here called HH - for constant high temperature - to distinguish this experiment from the standard LD rearing->DD tests described above).
Stay warm, Johnette

Cold cell extraction buffer containing 1.25% Triton X-100 and 0.1% SDS did not effectively solubilize solidified 3D collagen, - warm (37°C) cell extraction buffer was incompatible because it activated endogenous proteases.
It is now on display in the museum, along with tapestries that adorned the walls of the unheated hospital wards to keep the patients warm.
In this view of the world, I can feel very safe indeed--in fact, I am more than simply safe--I am nurtured in the warm and cuddly child's world of fun things like floppy disks, where I can cozy up to my motherboard, and pretend that I am a Dogcow (a trademark symbol of Apple Computer) for a character that can say words like Moof when it is asked to list Laser-Writer options.
Then take your time and wander among the fragrant gardens with their swathes of jasmine, frangipani, and passion flower,their scents heavy in the warm air.
Some of these terms go to the opposite extreme, suggesting a warm and fuzzy, childlike relationship that seems all too naively trusting, as if Little Red Riding Hood really could trust the wolf dressed as her grandmother.
But then, like an endearment to a beloved one, they will murmur “pashmina” and spread before you a shawl of soft, warm wool shorn, they tell you, from the underbelly of the wild Himalayan goats.
The cover story argues that the vice presidency is worth more than a bucket of warm piss.
Now visitors come in the millions from all over the world with little in mind but sun, sand, warm seas, and watersports.
The plaintive question echoes in the moist, warm air of the jungle.
In warm weather months, their spirited 4-piece orchestras play everything from “Moon River” to polkas and Neapolitan love songs.
Chatterbox has never been to Hawaii but was under the impression it had a warm climate.
The waterfront near Wannsee S-Bahn station is a crowded spot where city-dwellers come and let their hair down on warm spring and summer days.
Polyester is undergoing a renaissance because fleece is truly a miracle fabric: It's warm and durable but lightweight, and it dries faster than natural fibers.
Meanwhile the vast majority of ordinary Egyptians, who offer a warm welcome to tourists, put their faith in Allah for an upturn in their economic fortunes.
Although the text makes clear the nature of things like sausage rolls (“ minced (ground up) sausage meat wrapped in pastry, fried, then kept warm for takeaway”), the Glossary identifies them as “takeout snack,” which would mislead the casual reader (of the Glossary) to infer that all takeout snacks are called sausage rolls .
The huge Victorian greenhouse, New Palm House, is impressive and packed with ferns and palms that thrive in the warm, damp environment.
Each of the Twelve Days is illustrated by suitably warm and friendly drawings by Scott Partridge (warranted personally by Bernard to be neither a nom de plume, de guerre, nor de chanson).
They are the perfect location for outdoor classical concerts that take place during warm weather months.
It agrees that Gore's outer robotic-ness masks a warm jocularity, but argues that the <b>warm</b> jocularity itself masks Gore's fundamental emotional coolness.
A bustling underground network of concourses and escalators links the major buildings of the financial district to create a whole other neighborhood of shopping malls, cinemas, and restaurants, providing warm shelter in the winter and air-conditioned relief in the humid summer.
The Dalai Lama is, by all accounts, a true holy man: humble, devout, warm, funny, as sweet inside as outside.
Summer boasts long, warm days with strong sunlight and hazy views.
In any case, the last stretch to the crater itself is on foot, so take sturdy shoes and warm clothing — it’s cool and windy up there, even in the summer.
In one of Bob Dole's worst hours, his wife Elizabeth follows her brilliant performance at the Republican Convention with a warm, well-filmed 30-second appeal on his behalf.
Descendants of Acadians and Loyalists, the warm and friendly Gaspesians are a more harmonious mix of French- and English-speaking citizens than elsewhere in Québec.
A warm profile of playwright Wendy Wasserstein, whose new Broadway play opens this month, depicts her as an establishment figure who still thinks of herself as an outsider.
The Caribbean’s transparency and teeming underwater life make it ideal for scuba, and since the water stays tropically warm year-round you shouldn’t need a full wetsuit.
All the pundits on This Week agree that the focus group's warm fuzzies for both Bushes underscore the GOP's shift away from the fiery, Reagan-invoking rhetoric of the 1995 House.
Critics say the ninth installment in the Star Trek franchise unfolds like a two hour episode of the TV series--"as warm and cozy as a pair of tribble fur-lined Spock ears on a cold winter's night" (Michael O'Sullivan, the Washington Post ). The action takes place on a planet whose fountain of youth properties make it the envy of malicious neighbors.
It agrees that Gore's outer robotic-ness masks a warm jocularity, but argues that the <b>warm</b> jocularity itself masks Gore's fundamental emotional coolness.
Everything in its universe is '70s revival, from the sartorial style--tight button-down shirts, clingy pants, long straight hair for girls, floppy mops for boys--to the lighting design, which is warm and dim in the manner of Family and The Brady Bunch , to the static camerawork, as deftly evocative of early '70s television as anything Quentin Tarantino has filmed.
Well, OK, since the Republicans, with their usual respect for women, may nominate her as vice president on the theory that women will vote for any warm female body.
They note that lubricant works best if you first "warm the K-Y Jelly by holding the tube in warm, running water."
And I have no doubt that Yitzhak Rabin joins in these warm thanks.
By joking around on David Letterman . Although a few talking heads complain that she had pre-screened Letterman's "pop quiz" on state trivia, most find her warm and engaging.
It is impressive that such a warm and amiable fellow--and he was--could be so profoundly wrong at least twice.
Not only do thousands of economists agree on something, but what they agree on is the warm and cuddly idea that we should do more to protect the environment.
Georgia's economy has recovered faster than other former republics due to its tourist trade (the Black Sea Coast has a warm climate) and its relative political stability.
Nevada : Dry and warm, as always.
Back to the book: Other publications give it a warm response--Joan Jacobs Brumberg writes in the Washington Post that Angier "eviscerates two ...
Guest rooms are residential and warm, with framed collages of vintage Chicago postcards on the walls."
Maggie is a great role for Roberts, who can be alternately warm and skittish, promiscuous and clammy.
But when she's on, Byatt's writing "leaps and pirouettes, shimmies and shivers" (Gabriella Stern, the Wall Street Journal ) and has an "aura of extravagant ingenuity" (David Barber, the Boston Globe ). A few find the tales a bit too similar--there is a theme throughout of the conflict between the warm southern temperament and the cold northern one--but most deem the sameness unimportant when the writing is so superb.
Hot lock, warm key."
But Keats describes the bees' labor as a gentle delusion ("they think warm days will never cease").
Motherhood is also highly praised: When a man's mother is at home, his loaf of bread is warm; The mother of a mute understands what he says .
There, fresh and warm, are  Slate 's "Today's Papers," a few of your other favorite  Slate  departments, maybe even a non- Slate
On the other hand, if the temperature stayed warm, there would be no oil price spike, hence probably no recession.
You don't find it remotely enlightening to share relentless intimacy with someone so angry, self-righteous and strange--and so proud of being candid" ( USA Today ). Most critics call the collection "funny, warm and sagacious" (Regina Marler, the Los Angeles Times ), but there are a few who condemn it as self-absorbed.
It described Weizman as "a courageous fighter and a courageous statesman … a warm man among cold people, a sensitive man among the insensitive, a brave man among cowards."
Just when I was planning a somewhat self-pitying final entry (Working title: "Next Time, Less Stuckey, More Nookie"), Elizabeth showed me a side of her I hadn't seen before, a warm, affectionate side.
As a result, the warm waters of the western Pacific--a pool the size of Canada--drift east toward South America.
Winners: 1) the Canadian firms, which enjoy inexpensive labor and warm relations with Fidel Castro; 2) Cuban workers in Canadian employ, who earn comparatively huge salaries and get paid in much-treasured American dollars; and 3) Canadian tourists, who take cheap vacations in a newly cordial Cuba.
I don't buy that Sam, in his fourth year at the time of his snatching, would, less than a decade later, have no recollection of the parents and siblings with whom he'd spent the first three, and that only the aroma of a cedar chest would rekindle faint memories of his warm life among the Cappadoras.
An added benefit of a <b>warm</b> winter, of course, would be that it would make it clearer than ever that Gore's concern about global warming is well-founded.
Perhaps we may soon be hearing Nice day (meaning Have a nice day, not, as it already does, It is a nice day, to the latter of which our curmudgeonly response is usually, Yes, if you like warm, sunny, breezy spring days).
First, she is a warm body in bed.
The difference between then and now, though, is that while family life in those real '70s shows was unrealistically goofy, in this fake '70s show it's strangely isolated and defensive--a little too warm on the inside, a little too besieged by countercultural horrors on the outside.
always keep[s] the world warm and comfortable for those who obey the rules, but [is] ruthless in her destruction of those who transgress.
Captain Arthur Knowles and his First Mate Harold Sherman used a neat expression for the sky when a cool northwesterly breeze swept over the bay clearing out every vestige of cloud except those low to the southeast, where the warm water of the Gulf Stream condensed as a ragged range of billowy clouds.
Warm praise was bestowed by the left-leaning Paris newspaper Libération on the often derided paintings by Sir Winston Churchill, of which the auction house Sotheby's staged an exhibition in London this week.
My guess is, they'll be every bit as shocked when President W. strikes up a warm personal friendship with Dick Gephart, doubles the budget of the Department of Education, and appoints several more David Souters to the Supreme Court.
He has a warm voice, persuasive manner, and a gift for one-liners.
The soft, warm, children's words allow us to allay our fears about computers that crash and bomb and abort.
"[T]here came a point when Bunny had a kind of terrifyingly loose and constant moistness, the kind of totally loose submission one detects in a woman he has impregnated, the moist eyes, the warm moist hands, the loose moist breasts beneath the cotton blouse."
Earlier that week, Washington's governor had declared an emergency in several parts of his state after it had been hit by a set of snowstorms (this was before warm rain turned the snow into floodwater).
The plot--father comes to love adopted son--is familiar; the "directorial style is unobtrusive and free of flourishes" (Elliott Stein, Village Voice ). Director Jan Sverak "really knows how to give it that warm, ironic Mittel Europa charm and subtlety," says Kevin Thomas in the Los Angeles Times . "[S]entiment with sly political humor," says Joe Morgenstern of the Wall Street Journal . The Voice 's Stein predicts that it will become "this year's Il Postino ." (Miramax plugs Kolya at its site, where you can download video and stills.)
I’m glad to say there was warm laughter around the table.
A nationally recognized innovator in Oral Diagnosis and Oral Medicine, Steve is remembered as a gentleman whose care and concern for his students, friends and colleagues was warm and genuine.
This can be done by sucking on the soft spot, by pushing upward on the roof of the infant’s mouth, by holding the child upside down and patting the feet, or by using a warm compress.
It is our distinct pleasure to bring to life tales to make you laugh, experience unfamiliar situations, or warm your heart.
Behind the colonnade, which was fitted with retractable glass panels that could be opened during warm weather, was a two-story-high hall lit by three large skylights.
Thereafter the media was removed, 1 ml warm HBSS was <b>added</b>, and rat neonatal microglia were stimulated with PMA [1 μM] for 120 min and O 2 - production was assayed as described below.
Situated at the eastern end of Shikoku, across the Inland Sea from Kurashiki and Okayama, is Takamatsu, another friendly provincial town where foreigners seem to receive a particularly warm welcome.
Phosphocellulose-purified tubulin (PC-tubulin) free of microtubule-associated proteins (MAPs) was obtained by warm/cold polymerization/depolymerization with the addition of a final phosphocellulose chromatography step to separate tubulin from MAPs [ 37 38 ] . Tubulin concentrations were determined spectrophotometrically, using ε 278 = 1.2 L/(g cm) [ 39 ] .
, Monday's show lets viewers bask in the warm nuptial-day radiance of John Stamos and Rebecca Romijn-Stamos, Cindy Crawford, Vivica A. Fox, Kathy Najimy, and so on.
A seafront promenade to the north sees hundreds of families strolling on warm weekend evenings; the beach, though very narrow, is the nearest one to the old city, and it’s always crowded in the afternoon and on weekends.
Artemisia L. (Asteraceae), as broadly conceived by Linnaeus, is the largest genus in Tribe Anthemideae [ 1 2 3 ] and one of the largest in the family [ 4 ] . It is widespread in mid- to high-latitudes, and shrubby species dominate most cold and many warm deserts in the Northern Hemisphere [ 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 ] . Because of the abundance of wind-dispersed Artemisia pollen in the geological column, it is used as an indicator of steppe climates [ 14 ] . Some members are foraged by ungulates, rodents, birds, and insects [ 11 15 16 17 18 19 ] , despite the production of sesquiterpenes that afford a bitter taste to the herbage.
"Her warm, welcoming bosoms."
By the time the Spaniards arrived in the early 16th century the jungle was reclaiming the pyramids; the richly painted murals of warriors, Mayan lords, animals, and gods were already crumbling and dissolving in the warm rain.
Then rods were suspended with the tissue positioned 5 mm above stirring bars rotating at 1,200 rpm and uptake was measured for 2 min. in 37°C warm, oxygenated Ringer's solution with 1 mM taurocholate.
The reduction of tissue water content in response to low temperature is believed to be due to an impedance of water uptake by the roots [ 15 ] . Reduced root hydraulic conductance occurs shortly after plants are transferred from warm to cooler temperatures.
Adherent vascular lung neutrophils were isolated from rats as previously described [ 10 ] . Briefly, the lung was perfused with 50 ml of warm (37°C) Ca +2/Mg +2-free Hank's balanced salt solution (HBSS, pH 7.4) containing 2.5 mM HEPES, 0.5 mM EGTA and 4.4 mM NaHCO 3 at a rate of 22 ml/min and then lavaged 5-6 times with HBSS to remove alveolar macrophages and loosely adhered neutrophils.
Considered one of the premier diving sites in the world, it encompasses several different underwater environments in addition to coastal shallows where colorful fish thrive in the warm water.
Having recently traveled to many of the places Applebome visited, I found his warm but withering portrait of Dixie to ring true.
•The climate here is distinctly Mediterranean: temperature extremes are uncommon and days are warm throughout the year, with the heat of the summer usually tempered by sea breezes.
But Kennedy told his ecstatic audience that the Serbs were "a warm, friendly people who did not deserve to be bombed."
The water temperature ranges from 17°C (62°F) in winter to a warm 28°C (83°F) in summer.
To hear them this way--loud, full, warm, and three-dimensional--feels rather like watching the movie characters walk off the screen and into the "real" world in Woody Allen's Purple Rose of Cairo .
Out of town, Lake Balaton is a good place for water babies, particularly the southern edge where the sandy shore slopes gently into warm water.
Jordan is the greatest endorser in history because he's "at once credible and incredible"--an unbelievable athlete and a warm, charming person.
The proverbial hospitality and warm welcome are still here.
Both the NYT and WP fronts cover Castro's warm reception in Granada, where in 1983, U.S. troops clashed with Cuban soldiers and construction workers.
­De­pend­ing on the altitude and wheth­er you happen to be on the warm south coast or the marginally cooler north coast, you will see terraces of bananas and vines that produce the grapes for fortified Madeira wine.
And if he sometimes wandered into whimsy--that alluring comic swamp--and even farther, into mawkish sentimentality with "Happiness Is a Warm Puppy," he more often executed that most difficult comic turn, being simultaneously funny and sweet.
Tweed traditionally kept lairds and lords warm as they went out on grouse shoots on their northern estates — before the invention of Goretex.
Fodor's solidity and unapologetic stodginess warm my heart, but its Compass American book can't make up in literary savvy what it lacks in maps and practical information.
Fornalutx is a jewel of warm stone so immaculate that it <b>won</b> a national prize a few years ago for spotlessness.
Yesterday's high was 71 with warm weather expected to continue through the weekend (story B3)."
Inside the pool area the walls are ivy-clad and there is some sumptuous statuary, but even more interesting than the architecture of the baths is the bizarre sight of groups of men playing chess while immersed in warm water (their boards are supported on small jetties protruding into the pool).
A modestly warm reception for the last installment in director Whit Stillman's trilogy (following Metropolitan and Barcelona ) about neurotic, hypereducated young WASPs.
Today, with their hot summer days, warm waters, abundant beaches, and distinct lifestyle, the Greek islands of the Aegean are among the major tourist playgrounds in the world.
A warm Pacific Ocean will wreak havoc in South America, cause drought in Australia, and bring a nice, mild winter to the United States.
The north shore’s amazingly warm water (22°C/172°F in summer) offers the balmiest bathing in the Maritimes.
After two highly acclaimed story collections, this "young Mozart of Jewish fiction" (Judith Dunford, Newsday ) has written a warm, subtle, understated novel about the daily lives of a group of Orthodox Jews who summer in a small town in the Catskills.
The warm waters of the Caribbean are teeming with fish, and sport fishing is becoming increasingly popular.
Ventura's interest is in keeping a seat warm until he's ready to run for president himself.
Divers have a chance to see turtles, sharks, and barracuda in their natural environment; the warm waters make for exciting and comfortable diving throughout the year.
The superficial spin: It might be warm enough to support life.
Take water-purifying tablets, warm clothes, and arrange for a small camping stove.
When I first began to study German it took a while to learn that Gift was not something one wanted for Christmas, and that Mist was not cool and dewy, but warm and smelly.
Autumn is warm and the pace less frantic — perfect for such watching activities as the harvesting of the olives.
Mounted tissues were preincubated for 5 min. in 37°C warm, oxygenated Ringer's solution.
Pack lightly and buy a warm sweater when you arrive in town to keep off the summer chills or winter winds.
Hotels, restaurants, and shops have proliferated, extending a warm welcome and the best of Lakeland hospitality to ever-growing numbers of visitors.
Walkers Cay’s shark-feeding program allows divers to watch large groups of sharks fight over a frozen fish “chumsickle” (buckets of fish parts frozen into a block that thaws in the warm water, releasing the fish slowly to prolong the feeding).
While I have cordial but hardly warm relations with several co-workers, the only person I genuinely like is a woman who was hired about eight months ago.
But the traditional comforts are the same: wood-burning stoves, plush armchairs in the living room, warm carpeting in the spacious bedrooms, superb personal service, and fine Kashmiri cuisine you can enjoy on deck — note that you can arrange with the owner what you want to eat each day, Western or Indian style.
I was trying to speculate on how a kite could keep you warm when I finally realized from the context that they were planning to purchase a coat .
If the Maritimes are warm to mellow from late June to early September, Newfoundland is a little fresher.
Certainly, he was not a warm, cuddly director, but what great director ever has been?
Remember good shoes, light but solid, and some warm clothing.
Time and Life (not the magazines) often cool formerly warm relationships.
The root hen `one' is found in hendiadys , a rhetorical figure labeling expressions like nice and warm , instead of “nicely <b>warm</b>.”
The warm, moist El Niño air causes the jet stream to split as it flows eastward over North America.
The piece reaffirms the cliché that Gore is a warm, funny guy behind his wooden exterior.
Stephen King's unscheduled quickie novel gets a warm response.
Clinton also triangulated off the GOP, contrasting his warm feelings for the United Nations with the anti-global hostility of Republican isolationists and opponents of the treaty.
She did not give him a particularly warm reception, however, and he was soon on the lookout for a house to rent for himself.
USA Today leads with word that the unseasonably warm weather much of the country is experiencing has been bad for seasonal businesses like ski tourism and for winter-related commodities like heating oil.
Smaller stores throughout the region are filled with attractive beachwear, T-shirts, hats, footwear, and cool, comfortable cotton dresses, skirts, and sarongs that are ideal for the warm climate here.
Giotto breathes a warm humanity into his Madonna Enthroned (1310) that distinguishes it from the more formal pictures of the subject by Cimabue and Duccio in the same room.
With few facilities other than a couple of hotels and restaurants on the coach-tour circuit, it isn’t really a place to linger, unless the weather’s warm and you want to go swimming or sit on the rocks and contemplate the ocean.
He said that a high-pressure system was "building in the Southeast" and would shoot a "blast of warm air" up the Atlantic coast.
) Notwithstanding everyone's reluctance, Lehrman got several minutes of film that brought dozens of bit players and their world to life--the seductive Sandor Ferenczi at a caf, (he once conducted affairs with a patient and her mother at the same time), the warm and animated Princess Marie Bonaparte graciously introducing everybody to everybody else at tea parties (she later rescued Freud from the Nazis), a dashing and alarmingly radiant Wilhelm Reich (he lated invented orgone therapy).
In fact, the hammock was an Amerindian invention that remains with us today; it is an object which, more than any other, evokes an image of a <b>warm</b> sunny day on a tropical isle.
The DO must be maintained at a minimum of 4.0 mg/L for marine and warm water, freshwater species, and 6.0 mg/L for cold-water, freshwater species.
The piece reaffirms the cliché that Gore is a warm, funny guy behind his wooden exterior.
While most people look on this as a staging point for a trek, Pokhara is such a beautiful spot that it can be quite enough just to relax and enjoy the mountain scenery in the warm sunshine.
Critical life stage exposure was considered to be exposure of the embryos during most, preferably all, of the embryogenic (incubation) period, and exposure of the fry for 30 days post-hatch for warm water fish with embryogenic periods ranging from one-to-fourteen days, and for 60 days post-hatch for fish with longer embryogenic periods.
Moore is known for her wordplay, wry humor, and smart, bitter female protagonists; this collection is said to show a "deepening emotional chiaroscuro" (Michiko Kakutani, the New York Times )--Moore's most warm and powerful to <b>date</b>.
He helped his clients eat and find a warm bed.
So was I,squinting into the warm darkness in which they stirredas if to the bottom of a moonlit pool,as if what should surface nonetheless was a gun in my face.They got back with a can of gas so fastthe whole event took about the time of a Howard Johnson hamburger,and probably less time than a Howard Johnson hamburger off a lifein which it's almost impossiblenot to feel blessed.
"Coo," Tallulah says, after a minute of staring at the old building, then swivels and tosses her warm little arms around me in her version of a bear hug.
Just days ago, the new warm and fuzzy Newt Gingrich was on tour with a book mostly about diet and exercise.
Nearby, at Banjar Tega, the warm springs (signposted Air Panas) have been piped into a public swimming pool, attractively shaded.
I would wake up--the final bars of "Stairway to Heaven" still running through my head from the last dance, the smell of smoke still in my hair from the last campfire--and my heart would be filled with despair, knowing that in just a few short hours the buses would arrive to transport me from the warm nurturing womb of summer camp back to the harsh, unfriendly place that is the Real World.
You can watch the patterns being pressed in wax onto the white cotton fabric and view the skeins as they’re allowed to dry naturally in the warm Bahamian sun.
In contrast to their attitude during her lifetime, Russian newspapers paid warm tribute to Raisa Gorbachev after her death.
Cool means it is pleasantly warm by day, and fresh enough for a sweater in the evening.
For example, when warm food becomes farm wood, the result is neither meaningful nor pleasing to the ear.
Even at the height of summer, take warm clothes for the brisk evenings.
The Times nicely captures the bizarre scene of the Indian announcement, in which Vajpayee ignored the likely geo-political shockwaves and spoke instead of measured yields and expected values and offered his warm congratulations to the scientists and engineers responsible.
These are actually caves with a practical use: they’re cool in summer and warm in winter.
The persona she cultivates--the warm, welcoming hostess with a close-knit family--is a fraud.
Summer brings warm (but not hot) weather and <b>warm</b> sea temperatures, making it ideal for diving, snorkeling, and other water sports.
The Washington Post off-lead adds that the <b>warm</b> spell has hurt November retail sales, primarily because shelves are stocked with winter gear.
With warm sunshine, beautiful beaches, lush tropical scenery, and fine hotels, it is guaranteed to provide a little rest and relaxation.
You'd better abandon that unseaworthyscow, envision a soothing warm lightfills your veins instead, floods your limbs,both your legs unravel, your anklesangle helplessly toward heaven or hell,evil exits by the ten toes, a drowsysomething as if something.
While it is usually warm and clear down in Funchal, the mountains are often shrouded in a wintry mist.
Keats celebrates an autumn so deliciously warm that the bees have been fooled into thinking it is still summer: "Until they think <b>warm</b> days will never cease,/ For Summer has o'er-brimmed their clammy cells."
The old-town section, recently restored after a serious earthquake, is even more quaint than downtown Dali, the local Naxi people are warm and open, and the nearby monasteries are intriguing.
fresh loukoum ? The tea's still warm,
Warm clothing and hiking boots are essential, though, and in winter bear in mind that conditions on the mountains can be hazardous, with landslides removing parts of the path.
The new album, which is rife with unabashed Fab Four nostalgia, draws warm praise.
Although the Mediterranean Sea is rather overfished and the waters are not warm enough to support brightly colored tropical fish, there are still numerous varieties to spot in the rocky shallows, including octopi that make their homes in tiny crevices.
Like a warm glass of American cheese.
Further north, the beach resorts of the Minho’s Costa Verde are at least clean, even if none too warm.
Sonny doesn't seem to have nefarious political aims; he simply wants to create a warm and nurturing community with himself at the center.
Warm water, gorgeous coral, and vivid fish make for great snorkeling over the reefs, especially off the north coast of Bali, Nusa Lembongan, and Lombok’s offshore Gilis (see page 74).
An the other hand, the people of Iceland gave their own island the unappealing name of Iceland in hopes of discouraging immigrants from coming to what is actually a relatively warm and comfortable place to live, since it is heated by geothermal activity.
s because they are warm and sunny, and the trails are dry after the monsoon. D
Farm does not rhyme with warm, and the sound of wood differs greatly from food.
