The next destination was discussed: once again the Secret Service recommended against returning to Washington, and the Vice President agreed.
By September 14, Vice President Cheney had decided to recommend, at least as a first step, a new White House entity to coordinate all the relevant agencies rather than tackle the challenge of combining them in a new department.
This book appears to have been diligently researched and has much to recommend it as an adjunct to most libraries, public and private, large and small, general and specialized.
Such therapy appears to be cost effective [ 15 16 ] , especially among high risk patients and is recommended under current American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines [ 17 ] . Fourth, it may not be possible to ascertain whether these findings apply to all patients with recent acute coronary syndromes regardless of baseline lipid levels.
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study, one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy (barring contraindications) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome: First, the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second, as evidenced by MIRACL, these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome; Third, the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally, although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome (excepting total :HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore, data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus, to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo, and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
California's supply base currently has a 6% capacity margin, well below the average 15-20%, which is recommended for reliable system operatio n in the West.
We recommend that the State of California provide rebates directly to customers to fund the installation of advanced metering and control systems that would support load curtailment implementation.
It was the first time that the Senate Ethics Committee had voted to take action against a senator since 1995, when it recommended that Bob Packwood, an Oregon Republican, be expelled on the ground of sexual and official misconduct.
Therefore, the National Energy Plan recommended that the Administration's approach include appropriate measures to address local concerns, such as the unlikely occurrence of an SO2 "hot spot" or area of concentrated emissions.
Insofar as the work of the ISO 12083 Math Committee stopped short of recommending ways to handle "semantic" aspects of math markup, recognizing that the issues were many and difficult, the work of this committee in that regard feels to me a welcome addition to the overall discussion of those sorts of problems.
Section 3623(a) directs the Postal Service to file a request with the Postal Rate Commission for a recommended decision on establishing a mail classification schedule within two years of the Reorganization Act's effective date.
The Postal Service complied with this requirement early in 1973, and a Domestic Mail Classification Schedule recommended by the Commission became effective on July 6, 1976.
The Postal Service's innovative Mailing Online service, for which a three-year experimental trial was requested and approved in Docket No. MC2000-2, was initially considered and recommended by the Commission under the market test rules.
17 More recently, in Docket No. MC2001-1, the Commission recommended three new worksharing-based discounted Priority Mail categories after negotiating with mailers who were willing to presort their mail in new ways that could reduce the Postal Service's costs.
Examples of "niche classification" proposals recommended in recent Commission proceedings, and Postal Service product innovations considered in other cases, are described in the Appendix to this report.
For sure I will recommend it to my friends".
After dinner, a glass of Madeira or port is recommended to round off the meal.
On the basis of these analyses, VHA recommended a number of techniques and processes for shortening the postoperative hospital stay, decreasing excessive diagnostic testing, and reducing the risk of postoperative infections or complications.
Because the assumptions are reasonable, we recommend these guidelines as one of the primary analyses.
34 Based on these interventions in other medical settings, a number of researchers have recommended the involvement of the physician in the emergency setting in the alcohol intervention.
3) at recommended concentrations (PharMingen, San Diego, CA).
Inside pieces at the WP and NYT report that Clinton national security officials including Madeleine Albright and the director of the CIA have recommended that Clinton deny clemency to convicted spy Jonathan Pollard.
However, we also discovered that in hundreds of cases each year, the court recommends that a GAL be appointed but cannot do so because the families can't afford the fee."
Several practices varied from the guidelines recommended by the task force describing minimum standards of care of critically ill patients with acute respiratory failure on mechanical ventilation [ 10].
It also recommends packing the "Bride's Emergency Kit," whose 30-plus items include smelling salts, a small flashlight, directions to the reception, and masking tape.
I love the fact that Amazon knows who I am and can recommend books to me when I come to their home page (they've yet to recommend my book to me, but I'm sure they'll get around to that soon enough).
The think tank's panel agreed, recommending that political activity on the Internet be promoted, "absent specific intent to use the Internet to circumvent the law."
It is expected that FASAB will continue to recommend statements on specialized topics.
Studies suggest that a wide gap exists between the 2 minutes clinicians typically allot to seeking evidence [ 2 ] and the amount of time needed to search MEDLINE [ 4 12 13 ] . Indeed, "some have likened MEDLINE searching to attempting to drink water from a fire hose" [ 15 ] . Although MEDLINE is certainly more difficult to search than other resources recommended for evidence-based medicine, the other resources, in aggregate, probably require excessive time to search if they are searched in sequence as recommended.
First, there is no difference between a portfolio manager who recommends stocks in an interview to a reporter--which is the meat and potatoes of financial journalism--and a portfolio manager who recommends stocks in a column of his own--which is considered controversial--except that the second portfolio manager reveals his holdings while the first one doesn't have to.
Probes were printed on 3D-link slides, followed by coupling and processing as recommended by the manufacturer (SurModics, Eden Prairie, MN).
3. Where state regulations prohibit importation of non-native fishes or use of the recommended test species, permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use.
In another example of cooperation and mutual assistance among New Hampshire's legal services programs, NHLA urged that attorneys at LARC be allowed to participate from its inception and recommended that attorneys at the Disability Rights Center be allowed to participate in the coming year.
For proper sampling, some studies recommend the evaluation of three levels at 200 μ intervals [ 30 ] . In that case, if each of the three antibodies in the cocktail had to be used individually, it would require the immunostaining, interpreting, and correlating of nine sections.
In the Israeli paper Yediot Aharanot , Elyakim Haetzni, who speaks for the hard-line right, wrote Monday, "On the eve of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's visit to President Bill Clinton, I recommend that we think again, before it is too late, about the American involvement in the negotiations."
Prudie, a classically trained salon-goer, recommends a grand gift at Christmastime.
GAO recommended that the agency establish appropriate criteria for the condition of safety control components on passenger cars.
After dinner, a glass of Madeira or port is recommended to round off the meal.
GAO has previously recommended that reorganizations should emphasize an integrated approach; that reorganization plans should be designed to achieve specific, identifiable goals; and that careful attention to fundamental public sector management practices and principles, such as strong financial, technology, and human capital management, are critical to the successful implementation of government reorganizations.
3. However, USEPA allows the use of indigenous species only where state regulations require their use or prohibit importation of the recommended species in Subsection 6.1.
Fridlund-Horne recommended that a layperson attend several trials, especially in the courtroom of the judge who will hear their case, to gain familiarity with the courtroom atmosphere and procedure.
For practical considerations, we recommend using cancer death as an endpoint with careful review of the death records to minimize sticky-diagnosis and slippery linkage bias.
Unless the samples are used in an on-site toxicity test the day of collection (or hand delivered to the testing laboratory for use on the day of collection), it is recommended that they be held at 0-6°C until used to inhibit microbial degradation, chemical transformations, and loss of highly volatile toxic substances.
Even without the changes we recommend, the American public has vested enormous authority in the U.S. government.
It is almost inevitable during the construction phase that scope of work changes by the owner, errors and omissions in the plans, unknown or changed site conditions, and creative initiatives on the part of construction staff will result in recommended changes to the facility design.
Further work is needed to help physicians to understand their patients' views on hepatitis C. A recent study showed that persons with hepatitis C preferred to expedite periods of poor health, implying that they may be more likely to proceed with antiviral therapy and its attendant side effects than to delay treatment [ 19 ] . In contrast, the physicians in the current survey had a relatively high threshold for recommending treatment, which would lead them to postpone therapy in the majority of cases.
2 are the recommended acute toxicity test organisms.
It is recommended that total alkalinity and total hardness also be measured in the undiluted effluent test water and the dilution water.
Another option that has been suggested is differential payment scales depending on whether or not a technology such as computerized physician order entry is in use or not, which has been recommended by the Medicare Patient Advisory Commission [ 49 ] . Examples of the type of financial incentives already in play that could provide good starts include legislation already under consideration by Congress.
For this reason, it is recommended that only approximately 10% of the test organisms be exposed initially to the dilution water.
If the Commission believed that a low markup for the subclasses was in order, then the low markup could be recommended.
This coast also has a succession of truly idyllic beaches, wide open and wild — but be aware that the currents here are extremely strong, and swimming is not recommended.
I'm not sure we determined anything conclusive, but I guess we can heartily recommend the Powerbar Harvest flavor, at least on grounds of taste.
The recommended value of 5.0 times the residue diversity was used for the total number of pseudo-counts, and the amino acid substitution probabilities were taken from the BLOSUM 62 matrix [ 22 ] . A substitution matrix based on transmembrane helices [ 23 ] was also used in some cases, however, the results were not altered substantially.
Reinforcing the idea is the first candidate--Washington Bullet Gheorghe Muresan, who, besides being the NBA's tallest player ever, is known as one of its least articulate: The Bullets use him in an ad whose entire point is that he can't even manage to recommend that viewers buy tickets to a Bullets game.
We recommend that this type of missing data also be coded as 'No'.
To ensure that contracts support a knowledge-based process, we further recommend that DOD structure its contracts for major weapon system acquisitions so that (a) the capture and use of knowledge described in recommendation one for beginning system demonstration is a basis for DOD's decision to invest in the manufacturing capability to build initial prototypes and (b) the capture and use of manufacturing and reliability knowledge discussed in recommendation one for moving from system
(I recommend this book for
On the evidence from a case series published in 1992 by the manufacturer, Hoffmann-La Roche, the World Health Organisation (WHO) recommends that travellers with a personal or family history of seizures or manic-depressive illness should not take mefloquine prophylaxis.
Our data show that a group of physicians, comprised largely of primary care providers, would require a high degree of benefit in terms of response rate to recommend therapy for HCV, which was not necessarily related to their perspectives on the harm associated with treatment side effects.
The Commission is unwilling to recommend an interpretation of the statute that produces such consequences, absent an express congressional intent that such burdens be imposed.
Butyrophenones (haloperidole, thiothixene and droperidole), and benzodiazepins (diazepam, oksazepam and lorazepam) are the recommended drugs for sedation and preventing agitation [ 16, 37, 38].
) The book, they say, is a witty sendup of therapeutic literature, and it also serves as a "seriously legitimate guide for the perplexed" (Benito Rakower, the Washington Post ). Critics also recommend it as a sort of highbrow Cliff's Notes : "You don't need to have read Proust in order to read this book; in fact, once you've read de Botton you don't need to read it at all" (Richard Klein, Voice Literary Supplement ).
The focus of the study will be to determine what changes need to be made in the existing structure to allow the Center to effectively meet its mission or, alternatively, to recommend a new structure.
One study assessing the CAM prescribing patterns of Nurse-Midwives in North Carolina revealed that almost half of nurse-midwives surveyed recommended CAM therapies to more than 10% of their patients [ 14 ] . Another study of women attending antepartum visits revealed that almost 10% of these women reported using herbal supplements during their pregnancy, with 7.5% of these women using these preparations on a weekly basis [ 15 ] . Furthermore, 13.
Missouri's Legal Services Commission, with appointees from the state Supreme Court and Missouri Bar, recommended consolidation of the state's LSC service areas into one LSC-funded program, beginning in 2004.
We heartily recommend that she do whatever it takes to stay in the here and now, if only to avoid being included in the Enquirer 's "Scandals of the Century" double issue, which devotes an entire section ("The Quick and the Dead") to celebs cut down too soon.
In future trials, he recommended that the fidelity of the intervention and variations among interventionists be more closely monitored.
The conservative Daily Telegraph , which is strongly supportive of the Ulster Unionists, highlighted the agreement's weaknesses and, while not recommending a "no" vote, said in an editorial that if a majority of the Unionists were to vote negative, their decision should be respected.
Tests recommended for use in this methods manual may be static non-renewal or static renewal.
-- recommended approval.
* Results calculated using three percent discount rate as recommended by EPA's Guidelines for Economic Analysis (US EPA, 2000a).
Under quite general circumstances, it can be proved (though not in the space of a single magazine column) that free markets yield exactly those outcomes the cost-benefit principle recommends.
We can also recommend that research efforts should include an ED focus and that emergency medicine experts should be included in the grant review process.
To address the relatively low level of participation in the delivery of legal services by volunteer attorneys at the local level, the South Carolina Bar Access to Justice Committee has recommended, and the Bar Foundation is entertaining a grant request, to support the creation of a paralegal position in each program to facilitate increasing pro bono participation.
So I faithfully brushed my hair with the wand for the recommended two minutes a day, day after day.
TIMOTHY: To be honest, a lot of the films recommended by the critics make me feel more like a voyeur than a spectator --
Although we go into this matter more thoroughly in the companion paper, we reiterate here that this subjective use of the autocorrelation function to establish rhythmicity is not unprecedented; in fact, it has been recommended as a valid approach to situations like our experiments where the number of data points is relatively small [ 30 ] . In general, it must be noted that the use of both tabulated and averaged data also supports this approach.
LSC has joined with the ABA Commission on Loan Repayment and Forgiveness to study this problem and to recommend solutions.
One reason for this is that nursing home providers often want to know if the SSA has been made aware of quality improvement material or recommended clinical interventions.
Then, finalizing his ode to non sequiturs, Itell analogizes Tyson's alleged "disease" to a "fatal disease" and even recommends that Tyson take psychoactive drugs and undergo a "medical clearance" on his behavior.
When prepared as Hudson recommended, the size and the shape of the burgers was such that the outside would have had to be burned if the center was to be cooked.
He recommended a balance between the rigor of research and the application process that needs to happen.
3 To assist in reviewing within-test variability, EPA recommends maintaining control charts of PMSDs calculated for successive effluent tests (USEPA, 2000b).
The use of aminoallyl-dUTP in PCR amplification of the hybridized DNA template is not recommended.
4) Use of 6-31G*-quality ESP charges as recommended for the continuum solvation models [ 2b 16 ] leads to conformer 2 , a non-polar type conformer distinct from 1, as the uniform global minimum for both gas phase and solution models (Table 3).
USEPA recommends the use of a $0.
Intramuscular injections are not recommended.
I recently purchased a new computer, and, because it operated on a system different from the one of my old computer, I asked a few friends to recommend a word-processing package that I might find useful.
Berner (1986) studied the problem and determined that perhaps as many as three variant forms were involved and it was decided to recommend the use of the more common Ceriodaphnia dubia rather than the originally reported Ceriodaphnia reticulata.
If the requirements for the paired availability design are met, we recommend it as an alternative with advantages over the usual analyses from observational studies.
statement then referred the reader to a 73-page reference guide that provided definitions, recommended guidelines and procedures, explanatory discussions, and self-assessment questionnaires designed to assist business units in understanding the need for the policies and how they could be implemented.
