It seems hard to ascribe purpose, in the sense of acting on its own behalf, to a stone or a chair and easy with respect to an alga.
Nevertheless, good books on archaeology assimilable by laymen are not easy to find, and if the reader can tolerate its shortcomings and is not overly concerned about the precise birthplace of Indo-European, Archaelogy & Language provides an interesting march through the millennia of prehistory in seven-league boots.
While I acknowledge that it is not easy to know how to sort out the many topics to be covered in a usage book, most reasonable writers have taken a stab at writing an entry under a heading that seems a likely place to look, then have provided a detailed index.
The authors have provided a brief introduction which is easy to follow, a list of suggested readings, and the names and addresses of the several institutions and societies in Britain where readers may indulge a more intensive interest in dialect study.
The trouble with this method is that the absent/present threshold is essentially arbitrary, and there is no easy way to estimate the numbers of false positives and false negatives obtained.
It is not easy.
He avoided easy quarry: possum
"Even the world's sole superpower, with its unique responsibilities, is increasingly seeing violence and the use of overwhelming force as an easy option for achieving its ends as the most violent century in human history draws to a close."
If the poorer households, motivated by the similar urge for a peaceful nights sleep as their richer counterparts, insist on paying out of pocket for the relatively more expensive protective methods, then it is easy to see that just the act of attempting to prevent mosquitoes from biting may be helping to keep these households from improving their well-being as well as their health status.
On the other hand, long-term respiratory flow measurements are not easy to perform, particularly without affecting respiration itself or even destroying the weak coupling between heartbeat and respiration.
But it is easy to guess.
The seedy romance between a slacker and an agressive young woman covered with psoriasis--it's like her id is eating her up from the inside--doesn't give anyone an easy out.
Results should be immediately available and easy to interpret.
But the job of forging these relationships, never easy, is made all the harder by the values fostered by the public schooling system.
Many visitors who seek beach time in Mallorca — a pretty reasonable desire, after all — beeline for the northeast coast and its two great sandy bays, which have picturesque mountainous backdrops and are within easy striking distance of the historic towns Pollença and Alcúdia, as well as the protected wetlands s’Albufera.
Quality, the Urban Institute's Sandra Clark points out, is not an easy thing to measure.
It's easy to criticize them, but really we ought to be looking inward.
Obviously, this won't be easy, given the diversity of grievances and the geopolitical complexity surrounding them.
The Senate had made the companies' decision easy by stripping the bill of the liability cap that would have mitigated the suits.
6. The standard should be easy to implement.
Of course, capturing the essence of complicated behaviour using simple models is an important step in theory development, and it is easy to challenge such models by pointing out elements or complications that are missing.
Luce's fame was a floaty, ineffable thing, not easy to get at with "yes" or "no" inquiries.
First-time visitors will understandably want to spend most or all of their time in Rome, but the area surrounding the capital makes a pleasant excursion within fairly easy reach of Rome for those adventurers with wheels and extra time.
He also showed how easy it is in Washington to cultivate the appearance of thoughtfulness without doing a minute's worth of actual thinking.
The program is simple to load and, once in place, easy to use; it is also extremely fast.
"There are no easy answers" is itself an easy answer--if you can get away with it.
While objecting to cross-examination of alleged rape victims because "it is easy to distort events so that a rape can appear to be consensual sex," she ignores the reverse implication--that it is easy to make consensual sex look like rape.
The easy victory of this former wartime partisan and European enthusiast was welcomed by La Repubblica of Rome in a front-page comment as "a fine moment for Italian politics and for the whole country."
The State Department supported the armed Predator, although Secretary Powell was not convinced that Bin Ladin was as easy to target as had been suggested.
Essentially, Puerto Vallarta is a place where it’s easy to feel both relaxed and welcome.
It isn't as easy to summarize federal regulation as it is to summarize federal spending, but the basic point is similar: Most of what the government does is actually serving, not opposing, the public's will.
It’s easy to get to the Costa Daurada beaches from Barcelona.
There's an easy e-mail sign-up form at the top of Today's Papers.
A good map is essential, but it’s easy to be fooled by how near things look on paper.
However, she believed that it is also important to use resources to reach as many people as possible and that systems currently exist that, once refined, can be fairly easy to implement.
In a dictionary of this size, the complier is faced with the task of including or excluding a certain quotation--not a very easy decision when one is dealing with a stock of scores of thousands of Russian proverbs.
Payroll tax increases are easy to implement and directly improve the trust fund's finances.
No easy journey, this.
The Web is a researcher's dream, enabling quick and fairly easy access to a wealth of information.
But it is the web of easy evasions that is the essence of Morrisism, both in his politico past and in his Augustinian present.
The usage of these words is easy to spot: they all have an extra syllable or two that adds little but excess bulk (for usage , delete and substitute use ). Reporters at The New York Times , for example, often write of “subsidization programs,” when subsidy will do just as well.
The roguish image of the city’s present might make it easy to forget the city’s glorious past.
The examples of great evil done by governments are easy enough to rattle off.
What is an easy answer?
I was happy to see you refer to a restaurant where "people smoke freely at their tables" as "unsullied," just as I was discouraged but not surprised to learn that cowboys in Marfa, Texas, are dreaming about easy IPO riches.
However, the implications of the design features discussed here are that, contrary to what many people think, the case study is not necessarily inexpensive, easy to conduct, or quick.
In today's hypercompetitive world, it's easy to believe that Andy Grove is right, and that only the paranoid survive.
The more sober-minded supply-siders figured that even if the tax cuts didn't pay for themselves, the increased savings they generated would make the resulting deficits easy to finance.
If the codes really are an innocent bookkeeping exercise, there's any easy way for the Bush campaign to dispel suspicion.
The neighborhood isn’t really dangerous, but it’s all too easy for the unwary visitor to wander into a rip-off; if you plan to explore Kabuki-cho, do so with a knowledgeable local guide.
In this, it would be a little too easy to blame the rapid-fire format for my misstating of your approach to the "instrumentalization" (my word, not yours) of the Holocaust.
In the early days of the crisis, his position seemed absurd, and it was easy to make fun of him--which I did, right in Slate . But eventually it stopped being so easy to dismiss Mahathir's views.
As someone who has written Feydeauesque farce, I can tell you that it's no easy feat.
If you know your blood type, it is easy.
Here it is easy to see why this city is also known as Lalitpur (Beautiful City).
If you don’t have your own equipment it is easy to buy at the resort.
Addressing this issue, Dawkins sometimes resembles a flack for Lotto assuring us that winning the big one is easy.
I also didn't attach my Linux machine to the company network--because I couldn't find easy instructions in my books, and further consultations with the Helpdesk would have been cheating.
It’s an easy day trip from Acapulco to this famed silver-mining town, and worthwhile for anyone interested in experiencing more of this country’s historical past.
Eleanor's friends--even the lesbian ones--occasionally made the mistake of falling for Franklin's easy charms.
The answer is not an easy one, so before trying to put forward some ideas, let us start by looking at how similar nouns and adjectives are classed.
Because information about the investigation comes in dribs and drabs, it is all too easy to lose track of where things stand.
Within easy striking distance of Trinidad are enough attractions to make a longer stay especially rewarding, including the fine beach of Playa Ancón, the lush Valley of the Sugar Mills, and waterfalls and treks in the Escambray mountains.
(Hint: She loves those new gel caps, so easy to swallow!)
This one-of-a-kind creation has helped spawn countless how-to manuals, but it's still easy to choose the indispensable one.
"These cases take time and they aren't easy.
He suggested in his Nov. 10 interview with David Brinkley that going the rest of the way will be easy.
In a former life I used to interrogate politicians on television, and in six years there was never a subject on which they were unable to come up with an easy answer.
I would like to think that a college dictionary is best which is easy to use because it answers basic questions about commonly used vocabulary: spelling, pronounciation, meaning, part of speech, synonym, and antonym.
" It's easy to bash a magazine whose owner does the same thing at dinner parties, when he isn't shopping the editor's job all over town.
It will be on our site for two weeks, beginning Friday, Nov. 7. All the questions are easy: "What is the capital of North Dakota?"
All too often, however, such statements are zingers, as if whipped out from the comfort of his easy chair or dashed off for the op-ed page of a conservative newspaper.
Have these events put our law school on easy street?
But the charge is easy to understand, whereas the rebuttals are subtle, complicated, and technical.
She was easy to hold."
The sites are both easy to navigate and comprehensive.
It's easy to overstate the new athletics as a force for social change, but don't count on surfers opposing the president's ludicrous, Reagan-revival anti-missile plan.
Needless to say, people are anxious to buy shares when they know they can sell them seconds later for an easy profit.
It's easy for today's textile workers to imagine that the Caribbean or the Far East is the next stop on this trip.
Hillary Rodham Clinton told a Senate panel in 1993 that savings in Medicare were easy because "we have too many examples now of how it can be done better at lower costs with the same or better quality, and that's what we're counting on."
Although it might be seen as commendable to make the interpretation of pronunciation symbols as easy as possible for the laziest users, I have little sympathy for the policy: in most cases, those who are too lazy to learn even the rudimentary respelling systems used in popular dictionaries (like the various college and desk dictionaries) are also too lazy to look up the pronunciation of a name or word, as is evidenced daily in the utterances of newscasters and announcers.
But it's also hard to see an easy way of avoiding that.
Nevertheless, good books on archaeology assimilable by laymen are not easy to find, and if the reader can tolerate its shortcomings and is not overly concerned about the precise birthplace of Indo-European, Archaelogy & Language provides an interesting march through the millennia of prehistory in seven-league boots.
In addition, the matrix method displays matching regions in the context of the sequence as a whole, making it easy to determine if the regions are repeated or inverted.
While that is no easy task, we ought not forget that the IRS currently performs this very function in administering the estate and gift tax.
An easy half-day outing is to Queluz, 14 km (8 miles) west of Lisbon on the way to Sintra (see below), home to the pretty pink palace commissioned by Pedro III.
It would be easy to dismiss these explanations as being nonsense, but you’ll understand India better if you can appreciate that what each guide is saying may in its own way be true.
When an answer moves beyond difficult to completely impossible, it becomes easy once again.
The City center can seem at first like a maze of tiny streets and canals with no overall plan; however, in some ways it works very much like the plan of a spider’s web and once you understand the structure of the town plan, it is relatively easy to get around.
It's easy enough to mock Moyers, America's secular televangelist.
It's as easy as pie
It is not at all easy for one who, like myself, not only does a good deal of work on his own account, but a good deal to help others, to remember where all the multitudinous notes on words occur.
The center of Lisbon is small, compact, and easy to get around in just a couple of days.
At first sight they look easy, although further observation shows how precise and disciplined the movements are.
