This logic does not soothe her; she says I must wait three weeks.
So, please don’t wait another minute.
Sure, I miss having a place to settle down, but it’s better than waiting to get dammed.”
But they have chosen not to attack, perhaps because they are waiting to produce an effect even greater than the 9/11 attacks, so they do not appear to be losing strength.
I am waiting to hear back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her.
waiting for a train to krk.
Rather than sit back and wait for their jobs to be snatched away, the workers and local union members in the mills fought long and hard to be able to keep the factories open.
Your man is waiting.
Malaquez was not prepared for me to react so quickly, or perhaps he waited too long for an expression I would not have, a gesture I would not make, a poignant moment of repentence, wonder, despair, or love.
I realized that Rachel had disappeared without leaving a clue and I had no way to do anything but wait for her to show up – which, if she were in a situation where I should be doing something, would probably be never.
I waited in the dark, carpeted hall.
They were quickly admitted to the house, while Noir and I had the pleasure of waiting outside in the brisk November air for another twenty minutes.
Over 170 young people are still waiting for a mentor.
Over 150 girls are currently waiting for a Big Sister.
While I wait for it to heat, I walk back to my room.
I am waiting for your call once you pick up USD5000.00, Thanks
I know that, and I’ve always known that ever since I found him waiting for me Christmas Eve night.
Lets wait and try to offset the amount we owe them with what they owe us - so I say wait until you get July and August done.
Lets wait and try to offset the amount we owe them with what they owe us - so I say wait until you get July and August done.
Standing aaround waiting for the killers' openers---already getting second hand smoked.
I am writing this from my laptop computer in my hospital bed where I wait for my time to come.
People became excited and waited for the mills to reappear, but they never did.
Geez, why did I wait?
When we got there, another pale servant was waiting for us with a box of dark stained wood.
Personally, I'm waiting for someone to make Pirate Zombies v.
After eating, do amphibians need to wait an hour before getting OUT of the water?
They don't even have the decency to wait until the man is buried," the Governor muttered.
He’s waiting for a thank you or some kind of acknowledgment of his help.
Over 235 girls are currently waiting for a Big Sister.
waiting for someone to sponsor me for the London To Brighton Bike Ride !
They went and got a bigger rock, threw it in and waited.
There was a wooden chair, where she sat me down and asked me to wait.
waiting at the metro to get my phone which I left in my Mom's cousin's car.
I will be waiting for your mail as soon as possible .
wasting time waiting for Victor Kelly complaint of racial discrimination at the British Red Cross.
My sister calls, "Your man is waiting for you.
NORRINGTON: Don't wait for me.
If all you're looking at is 1 or 2 content categories maybe it looks like they're dead, but they may be flourishing elsewhere, and like a virus they're just waiting for a new host to carry them to the mainstream.
Wait, why should I get off?
While waiting for it to hit bottom, a goat suddenly darted between them and leapt into the hole!
She smiled, then crossed the room to join me by the window, not waiting for an answer.
Watching: "Hollywood Movie Trailers And Teasers: State Of Play (2009)" (http://twitthis.com/nvnnfc) I was waiting to hear back but I can do the show tomorrow and the May UG 933 lol you were right, Armageddon (aerosmith) was the first song Caught My Eye: "Kindle 2 Causing Eye Strain?
British social customs are still evident in the kind of polite service you get in hotels and in the long lines of people waiting for buses at rush hour.
installing lots of apps on my Facebook profile Resting my heels by crouching amid standers, as we wait in the foggy Greek Theatre for The Arcade Fire.
They're waiting on an email reply from the Washington re-enacter at Arlington to hand down some decisions.
Edwin is waiting at the bottom with a huge smile on his face.
Buy a $100 house in Detroit, and you get a lifetime supply of sleepless nights: you'll spend the next several years waiting for burglars and arsonists, murderers and crackheads to break in the windows.
The question, previously posed to me, was presented to the rest of our group (excluding Ray; Adrienne had been tactful enough to wait until he had gone for a refill, recalling the last time the subject was broached).
Don't they know the other people in the lifts have better things to do than wait for them?
20% warranted reduction is waiting for you!!!
I waited, and drank a glass of MorningAfter and three cups of coffee, and wondered whether our affair could survive the events of the night, and whether I wanted it to.
The President wanted the United States to strike the Taliban, step back, wait to see if they got the message, and hit them hard if they did not.
Not able to do anything else but wait, the Lone Ranger returned to the bar to finish his drink.
SAMUEL PERKINS (moving from the door to his desk) Sorry to have kept you waiting for so long.
WILL TURNER: Well, we can't just sit here and wait then, can we?
waiting to get my hair cut by my trusty dresser luigi why has nobody proven that dolphins evolved from wolves?
We should not delay the public health and environmental benefits from reduction of these emissions while we wait for consensus to develop on CO2.
Curious about its depth they threw in a pebble and waited for the sound of it striking the bottom, but they heard nothing.
Don't wait to learn just what I'm talking about.
This is more like a compulsion, a beast that lies waiting in the dark for the perfect moment, then leaps and takes ahold of me, screaming out through my quill."
These collectives are not waiting for change to happen: they're creating it through small, positive, peaceful actions.
Making dinner, watching football and waited to see if anyone makes scrabulous moves Reading up on lightroom.
JEFFERY CLARK (CONT'D) (recognizing MALCOLM) Wait, are you Ian Malcolm?
In a veterinarian's waiting room: "Be back in 5 minutes.
He continued long into the night, until the eldritch orb had sunk into the waiting hands of the willow, raised perpetually skyward.
homeless animals that would otherwise die if Little Shelter didn’t provide the care, treatment and love these animals need.
If Clinton, as is now increasingly clear, was a time bomb waiting to explode, then Stephanopoulos helped smuggle him into the White House and muffled the ticking.
The Wet Rabbit A woman walks into a vet's waiting room.

And I think this is what they are waiting for.




What are you waiting for?
Will be waiting
Forty new students are expected for fall classes and there is a waiting list of at least that many, Starke said.
According to the same WSJ interview, "Typically, you're looking at a week to 10 days waiting period."
I did take a look-see already - can't wait for "mid-2009"!
I can't wait to get Alzheimer's so I can watch Buffy again like it was the first time.
Wait.
Can't wait!
