In addition, we will have soft drinks and a raffle, so that you can walk home with a great prize!
Lucky attendees can go home with a great prize.
Please, consider renewing your support of these great kids today.
I hope you'll continue -- and if possible increase - your support for these great kids.
Enclosed is a donation card that will enable you to make Indianapolis a great place for ALL of us to live.
A Providers Council and a Youth Coalition are building relationships that will hopefully bear great fruit in the years to come.
But the need is still great.
I often wonder when a really great fictional book will be written about this era (probably decades and decades hence as it is too close).
The President noted that the attacks provided a great opportunity to engage Russia and China.
Thousands of people arrived with little more than the clothes they wore, putting great strain on the resources of the islands.
Since this time, membership has been of great monetary benefit to the country.
The city is not mentioned again in the Bible until the time of the great poet warrior, King David, who captured the city from the Jebusites in about 1000 b.c.
The Bible tells us that the cruelty and impiety of the rulers of both kingdoms aroused the fury of the great Prophets.
The courtyard around the Temple was expanded to accommodate hundreds of thousands of pilgrims, and the Temple Mount was shored up by retaining walls made with great stone blocks.
The ruins of Jerusalem were briefly liberated, but, in the end, Jewish resistance to Rome was defeated with great loss of life.
They built many impressive churches during the term of the first Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem, but in 1187 they were driven out by Muslim forces under the great warrior Saladin.
“Kid” Ory played great jazz trombone.
Muscatel is made from muscat grapes, is sometimes called muscat , and, being relatively cheap and sweet and high in alcohol content, is the booze of choice for a great many wines.
A concern that most rational people should have is how to equitably distribute the great wealth of this country.
He described it has having great advantages for a country the size of China, but said he hoped that this generation would be able to protect its grandchildren from things on the Internet that "are not good."
Our 1996/97 survey of federal managers found that less than one-third of non-SES managers felt that to a great or very great extent they had the decisionmaking authority needed to accomplish strategic goals.
He boasted that this is great domestic politics in Canada.
Great nicknames and fists aside, I began to recognize these Jewish gangsters as fools and thugs who preyed on their own communities, robbed the Jewish poor, and murdered their own people.
Yeah, right, great.
The positive interaction of the fragment of the latent transforming growth factor β-binding protein-3 (LTBP-3) with the extracellular domain of proHB-EGF was of great interest (Additional file 1).
Fluellen, in the great tradition of the Shakespearean Fool, uses the comparison to make Henry out to be an ass.
As always, though, great column, despite our difference of opinion in sexual politics.
Albert Brooks' new film--which he directed, co-wrote, and stars in--is "good but not great Brooks" (Roger Ebert, the Chicago Sun-Times ). The plot: A screenwriter (Brooks) has lost his edge, and he enlists the aid of a muse (Sharon Stone) to inspire him.
The Sun Temple of Konark was conceived as a gigantic chariot for the great sun-god Surya cantering inland from the Indian Ocean.
Le Monde in Paris spoke of "great disappointment" and "a wave of frustration" and said that Gore might even have caused the summit to fail.
But such giddy stuff isn't really beach wear, great though Helmut, Eva, and Galliano all are to contemplate at length.
These modifications include the direct binding of mRNA to magnetic oligo(dT) beads before the reverse transcription step, and a great reduction in the quantity of linkers used to generate ditags.
Louis-François Cartier founded the Paris firm in 1847, just in time to help deck the famous beauties of the Second Empire, from the empress to the great cocottes.
His knack for pop hooks and appealing beats in the midst of all the aural chaos: "[W]hen you listen up close you get engrossed in the buried sonic twists and turns; when you turn it up loud Reznor bangs your head with great rockers" (Rob Sheffield, Rolling Stone ). (Watch the video from the album on the official Nine Inch Nails Web site.)
Agía Triáda was built late in the Minoan era, around 1700 b.c. and though it suffered great damage in the cataclysm of 1450 b.c., it was reoccupied, and a Dorian town was built nearby.
My son thought the food was great; I thought it was only pretty good.
4. "Opening today in theaters everywhere is a film based on that great 'children's classic,' A Dog of Flanders .
In the video e-mail, Gore asked Bradley, with great sobriety, about an "oversight" in Bradley's campaign literature concerning the Medicare trust fund.
The relatively high CV was due to the fact that the samples were never completely homogeneous and the differences in phytoestrogen concentrations are great in different brain regions.
As some readers are aware, the teaching of English to schoolchildren in England has been undergoing great upheaval of late: the National Union of Teachers, the largest in the UK, recently voted overwhelmingly (nine out of ten) to boycott a compulsory English test for 14-year-olds by refusing to mark, administer, or invigilate [proctor] them.
In 1803 there was yet another failed rebellion, led by the great Irish hero Robert Emmet.
Still, as the interval between my first note and his first note was so great, I do not know that any great fault, beyond that of carelessness, can be attributed to him.
We can't make good grammar great.
Take them on a canal cruise — seeing a city from a different perspective is great fun and a great education.
The rich permanent collection includes tapestries, furniture, and porcelain, but look out for the fascinating temporary exhibitions that are held here, featuring great styles and eras of design history such as Jugendstil, Bauhaus, and the American 1950s.
You get to see people building something that's not idiotic, a great treat for one who's worked in television.
Its great landmark is the Church/Abbey of the Dormition.
If you don’t sail yourself, this is a great way to see Bermuda from the water, including the many small islands lying just off Hamilton Harbour and St. George’s Harbour.
Inside USAT is a great example of a piece that gets beyond the oft-repeated facts.
It makes them part of the great Washington game, and it gives them something to act cynical and world-weary about.
Legal Aid ''has been a godsend to a great number of people in this state,'' Catron said.
There has been a great deal of cant in the past 30 years to the effect that Dior's era forced helpless women into a posture of submission with its fussily constructed garments, cumbersome skirts, cinched waists, and rigid hairstyles, crippling their feet in high heels and imprisoning their hands in white gloves.
It's a great read and has the following cat-derived words and definitions:
A place of great import (and considerable beauty) to all Cubans is the triple-domed Basílica del Cobre, named after the nearby copper mines that rise out of the forested foothills 18 km (11 miles) west of Santiago.
The great temple complex can only be entered by Hindus, but views of a huge gilded Nandi (a bull five times life size) and massive embossed silver doors can be had from just outside the front gate.
At the great Sauternes vineyard Château d'Yquem they make none of their legendary wine if the weather has been particularly bad--a crippling financial decision, less and less likely to be made as the old standards of the owner, the Comte de Lurs-Saluces, are replaced by those of management gnomes.
With the war monopolizing shipping, the FWI suffered great economic privation.
A similar little/ great, low/high distinction--that is, birds that are not exactly of a feather.
It once took 12 men to ring the great bell in the west tower, a task now accomplished with electricity.
To widespread regret, Victor Baltard’s great cast-iron and glass pavilions were torn down in the 1970s.
The museum is the brainchild of Luis Ferré, industrialist and onetime governor of Puerto Rico, who has put great effort into bringing works of art to the town.
The ensuing Civil War became one of the great crusades of the 20th century.
The operation was a great success, and a couple of days afterward my father received a get-well card from Mr. Kaplan.
Cancel, and tear to pieces, that great bond Which keeps me pale!
Schoenfeld has an answer to that, and it is a well-known one, having first been set forth in another Commentary essay in 1981 by the great Biblical scholar Robert Alter: The danger with Holocaust Studies is that, in the proliferation of methodologies and agendas, the incomprehensible horror of the event may be lost--eclipsed, as humanity of the Jews was eclipsed, by a fog of categories and subcategories and rhetorical feints at ideological opponents.
To be sure, I've been known to use that particular Anglo-Saxon expletive myself, and with great verve, too; but to encounter it in the pages of Slate was just too much.
This week the Enquirer offers a preview of Ken Starr's report on the great love affair, which will enumerate romps "in the Presidential limo, the Oval Office and even the LINCOLN BEDROOM!"
The great ones have almost no movement in their arms, wrists, and hands other than the gentlest of pendulum swings.
And she still wears great clothes.
That's one of the great movie plots, but it doesn't feel as fresh as the rest of what's on screen.
All this makes for good documentary and great short stories: His book about the cult sticks with the conventions of storytelling and delivers emotion, analysis, and narrative; the many-splendored tales that interpolate Toru's story find Murakami at his most engaging.
Creativity declined, but the new ruler of China, Kublai Khan (who was grandson of the great Genghis Khan), had an open mind and a generally humane attitude towards his new subjects.
This strategy was used to great effect by Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me , which ran ads saying, "If you see only one movie this year, see Star Wars .
It heralded the first great phase of development in science and architecture; hieroglyphs were developed and the first great building phase took place.
If only Dan Quayle had been able to grasp it, he might have used it to great advantage in this year's presidential race.
I wish Virtuous Reality and Katz great success, because he deserves it.
A number of trials are said to have put the instigators in prison and security measures have been enhanced, but their actions did a great deal of damage from which Egypt will be slow to recover.
This would immediately characterize the expression profile in a very powerful basis that provides a great deal of biological insight.
The great lobby of the Palais, the Salle des Pas Perdus, is worth a visit for a glimpse of the many lawyers, plaintiffs, witnesses, court reporters, and assorted hangers-on waiting nervously for the wheels of French justice to grind into action.
The pursuit of contributions from the high-tech community is one of the reasons that some candidates have gone to great lengths to develop a high-tech platform.
Here were kids my own age, demonstrating such great talent.
A great title can be nobly direct (Nabokov's Speak, Memory ; Jack Paar's I Kid You Not ), bitterly cryptic (Josef von Sternberg's Fun in a Chinese Laundry ; Adolf Loos' Nevertheless ), or too clever by half ( Roman by Polanski).
A design that departs radically from the ordinary may look great in a museum but fail in the kitchen.
George Szell had a similar role in shaping Cleveland into a great musical city, as did Fritz Reiner in Chicago.
For a small fee, non-guests may use the beach and facilities at a number of Guadeloupe and Martinique hotels—a great convenience for island-hoppers.
He didn't give them great size or physical power--you don't see too many Jews in the NFL--but he gave them great minds."
However, surveillance based in emergency rooms is also of great value.
This manmade artery linking the Mediterranean with the Red Sea and the Indian Ocean, allowed a much quicker journey time from Europe to the Middle East, India, and the Far East when it was opened in 1869, a great aid to the Western European powers in managing their expansive Empires.
As another example, the indigenous people of the Arctic are, as far as I know, still commonly referred to in the United States as Eskimos; but for some time now the PC term in Canada has been Inuit, a term which affords great scope for PC snobbery, as it can be fairly complicated; the people are Inuit; the language is Inuitituk; and an individual is an Inuk.
This allows a campaign based on four key issues to "drill down" on each of them in great detail.
Studies forecast an ever-increasing shortage of IT professionals, presenting a great challenge for both industry and the federal government.
Cathedral has made great progress but is continually challenged to do more.
The author assumes that Dalí was a great painter, which is not a given, as with Matisse.
On a wave of Hugo chic--the publication of a new biography and Hollywood versions of The Hunchback of Notre Dame and Les Misérables --an exhibit reveals the 19 th century French novelist to have been a great draftsman as well.
How clever it is, though, that metaphor, the great facilitating factor in the changing of word meanings, has carefully camouflaged the unmentionables of the current day.
As for Macbeth's great bond , this is a crux over which commentators have argued for years.
Getting back to The Best Man : It's not a great movie.
Finding hidden gems down narrow lanes and dark alleys is one of the great rewards of exploring Kathmandu on foot.
That is a great pity because that is exactly what advanced learners need.
