But regardless of how we interpret our own actions in the 1990s, it seems to me that there is one critical historical lesson we can't afford to forget.
Is it possible to forget a memory?
They will be familiar from intervention disputes dating back at least to Vietnam, but they are especially useful for the summer-squall-style military actions of today, in which we all agree to be frenzied about the occupation of Kuwait or a drug-smuggling dictator in Panama or warlords in Somalia or genocide in Bosnia on the strict understanding that we will be allowed to <b>forget</b> all about these matters and places in six months, max.
Paul Gillmor, R.-Ohio, the classic Ripon Republican venerates Ronald Reagan (whose scrapes with "gypsy moth" Eastern Republican moderates during the 1980s are apparently forgotten) but tends to part company with the party on social issues such as abortion.
She's clearly forgotten upon what her higher financial status rests, though the friend wastes no time reminding her.
One may remember homes is a mnemonic, but forget what it is a mnemonic for.
When I tugged back a sleeve, the wrist was naked-- forgot my watch again--and both hands chapped and rough.
When you’re on the beach, don’t forget that kids are especially vulnerable to the effects of too much sun.
In any case, don’t forget a raincoat, especially for British Columbia.
Get the book--which, Culturebox forgot to mention, is very snazzily designed--and give it to the most rock-and-fashion-conscious teen-agers you know.
Not only did Broder forget to mention Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff's contention that Steele had changed her story at least two times, but Broder also <b>forgot</b> to mention that--as Isikoff had reported a week and a half earlier--Steele had taken $7,000 from the National Enquirer after shifting to an anti-Willey posture. ...
Forget privatization and other attempts to "save" the program.
I forget how Dole voted on the 1976 revisions to Title 17 of the U.S.
Forget motor-voter: People will go to the polls if you let them bet on the outcome.
You jump to conclusions too quickly, forgetting that scientific answers such as DNA tests are most reliable in providing negative answers--and often ambiguous in providing positive answers.
He quoted Psalm 23-"though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death . . ." No American, he said,"will ever forget this day."
My personal albatross is the couplet “Eight ever/Nine never” which has to do with taking a fitnesse in bridge, and how many cards my side has in the suit; to my partners' distress, I forget the finesse--against the king, or against the queen--to which the rule applies.
Or, put another way, have we not become too lazy to look things up in the dictionary and too prone instead to make up another word in place of the one we have forgotten or never learned in the first place?
Since other proposals for linguistic reform, such as phonetic spelling and an international language (Esperanto), have never got off the ground, it could be argued that we should forget such a minor matter as changing the nomenclature of a cluster of games played by only a small fraction of the population.
Forget it.
"When he got famous, I was sure he'd forget us," says one old playmate, "but he hasn't."
But his attempt to characterize the editorial board of the Wall Street Journal as ridiculously hostile to taxation forgets that the Journal people are in good company.
Washington, where members of Congress are all well-coiffed, well-spoken, well-dressed, and well-prepped, makes it easy to forget that politicians are made, not born.
And then out of Owens' offbeat past appear his 10-year-old daughter, Jane, and her mother, Mary di Natali, whom he once urged to get an abortion and has since done his best to forget.
I had seen the Wallace and forgotten.
After all, a policy advocate of whatever persuasion ought to be able to make a case for his position without relying on calculations that count the same benefits twice, or forgetting that foreign exchange must either be spent on imports or invested abroad, that it can't just disappear.
And although I never met my grandfather, I have never forgotten that story and when I hear of him I think what a wonderful, wonderful person he must have been.
Or has he forgotten that?
"Never forget that, in Shakespeare's time, we created the greatest theater culture in the history of the world.
Let's talk about his good works and forget about that affair with his kids' baby sitter.
But at crucial moments in these movies the vampire always seems to forget he has these powers and ends up wrestling around on the floor of a dusty convent or abandoned factory with the earth-bound hero.
If you go, don't forget to buy the illuminating book by its curator, Valerie Steele.
A Beatles biographer, I forget which one, once said that Sgt. Pepper "brought the world closer together than any event since the Congress of Vienna."
If anything, things of a traumatic character are more likely to be remembered than forgotten."
Forget it.
Welles was at the peak of his talent in Touch of Evil , but let's never forget what an abrasive, high-wire, self-destructive talent he was.
If you were deeply attached to the older brother, or now think you were, you will not forget him.
Although this is a family tradition and ritual, some families use the occasion to lavish on their daughters an extravagant day, never to be forgotten.
Some forget the large number of Dravidian language speakers in India.
Of course, this assumes that Congress won't just forget about balancing the budget instead.
The most spectacular art treasures of the church are its gorgeous Byzantine mosaics, glittering Old Testament scenes high on the walls (don’t forget the binoculars), and a triumphant Mary and Jesus enthroned in the apse over the high altar.
Forget about saving the whales: Time reports that the overfishing of sharks for fins (an Asian delicacy) and cartilage (mistakenly thought to prevent cancer) has brought several species to low population levels.
"Forget about Clinton," the director wrote, "How do we impeach Kenneth Turan?"
Let us not forget marijuana which is simply `Mary Jane' in Mexico, or cucaracha , the `cockroach' that entered English via a popular song.
Gettysburg forged a link between the nation and egalitarian thinking that we sometimes forget.
But I am sufficiently open-minded to forget what I might be looking for--some bit of lexicographic esoterica, no doubt--and settle for something I consider to be much simpler and not readily derivable from an ordinary dictionary.
However, technology boosters, who won't stop thinking about tomorrow, often forget to think about yesterday: It's not at all clear that increasing returns are any more important in software than they were in the early days of railroads, electricity, telephones, radio, even automobiles (What good is a car without gas stations?
It looks as though we're now meant to forget that quaint line of thought, and to regard such fancy trappings as appropriate to the ruthless fight for political ascendancy.
Having apparently forgotten that only last week they ruled out Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic as a negotiating partner because of his indictment for war crimes, most British newspapers were taking this week's Belgrade talks very seriously.
Ross, an academic, never lets us forget that he is from New York and not easily to be taken in.
But when you wonder why in this country, a demonstration of communists is regarded more indulgently--or, as I would say, with less alarm--than one of fascists would be, I think you are forgetting the very different domestic roles of these two political strains.
Don’t forget to protect young skin from the sun, which can be extremely powerful here.
"We never forget where we came from," said Le, 29, who arrived in the United States six years after her sister's death. "
Don’t forget that the sun can be very strong in summer.
As long as we're talking about corruption and exploitation, we should not forget that the wickedest gambling sharpies don't live in Las Vegas but in the state capitals, where the lotteries are headquartered.
My body is to me like a crippled rabbit that I don't want to pet, that I forget to feed on time, that I haven't time to play with and get to know, a useless rabbit kept in a cage that it would be cruel to turn loose.
Don't forget, people have been ignoring possible health threats from cell phones for a long time now.
As a response to Hirsch, it is irrelevant, appearing long after most had forgotten Hirsch's book.
It’s so festive, you might forget the cold.
I nominate as the most under-reported story of the year (and the last few years) the continuing alarmist predictions by foreign-policy and military experts about peacekeeping efforts, which are then proved wrong and immediately forgotten.
Orca functions as a euphemism only because its true meaning is forgotten.
But the Yucatán remained a backwater, largely forgotten and ignored.
Let's return to the forgotten present.
