One, IndyGo in April adopted a much-needed policy that all young people under the age of 19 may ride on their buses at half the normal fare all year long.
Not only are we unable to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and predict what will unfold, but we also cannot even translatein the sense of necessary and sucient conditionsfrom legal talk to normal intentional talk, let alone from legal talk of Henderson found guilty of murder to a physical talk about sound-wave forms monitored and masses at space-time lines as a description.
Deciding when and how to return border and port security to more normal operations.
Gregory uses stream in the way normal in England; Giles consistently refers to gens in the hills of central Australia, though glen is not current (outside place-names) in contemporary Australian English.
Pulse: elevated; normal.
I’m just a normal guy.
I saw that instead of a normal nose and mouth, it had a curved bird’s beak, of the sort that eagles have.
A report from the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute classifies normal weight (without reference to age) as a BMI of 18.
Finally we calculated the effect size for each measure, comparing each BMI subgroup to the 'normal' group.
5 to 20 would be considered 'normal' by the NHLBI guidelines, but had lower YOL and YHL than those with 20-24.
Underweight women averaged about .25 fewer YOL than other women (p < .05 compared with normal group).
Underweight men also had lower YOL, but this group was not significantly different from the normal group, in part because of low sample size.
Men classified as normal, overweight or obese all had about the same YOL.
Women who were normal or overweight averaged about 4.9 YHL.
The YHL for underweight or obese women was about 4.5 years, which was significantly lower than the normal group.
YHL was significantly higher for women than for men in the normal and overweight groups, but the sexes had similar YHL in the underweight and obese groups.
We next present the effect size for comparing each group to the normal BMI group.
For example, underweight women averaged 4.50 YHL compared to 4.92 for normal women, and the common standard deviation was 1.44.
A clinical trial of a treatment to help underweight women achieve normal weight (presumably by addressing the underlying cause) could be expected to have 80% power with N = (1.
The biggest effect sizes are in the first row, comparing underweight to normal.
For comparing obese to normal, only YHL for women showed a large and significant effect size.
Thus, an intervention to improve the health of underweight women to that of their normal weight peers could be performed using either YHL or YOL as the outcome variable.
Trials to make obese women comparable to normal women could be evaluated using YHL, but not YOL.
In Figure 1, the overweight (as opposed to the obese) are no different from those of normal weight, suggesting that these two categories could be combined for older adults.
That is, women who changed from being obese to being normal would likely show changes in YHL, but not YOL.
These more sensitive measures might also have detected differences between the overweight and normal weight persons, but we think this is unlikely given the absence of any differences in EVGFP.
Later, during postnatal development, normal GABAergic input is required for activity-dependent plasticity in the visual cortex as shown in the Gad2 knockout mouse [ 15, 16].
In addition to these functions in the developing CNS, GABA signaling is also required for the normal development of non-neural tissues.
The cleft palate phenotype of the Gad1 mutants suggests the involvement of GABA-mediated signals in the normal development and differentiation of a structure derived from the oral epithelium and neural crest ecto-mesenchyme.
The earlier activation of Gad1 in the forelimb reflects the normal temporal order of events in limb development.
Children who grow up in war-torn regions are known for having similar views -- war is perceived as a normal part of existence, violence as a natural way to solve disputes.
The relative stability of these channels in terms of their normal erosional activity and the shape and gradient of the channels, as related to relative sediment size, load, velocity of flow, and stream power, are also indicated in Figure 2.2.
Both lakes are also parallel to the strike of normal faulting with a NNW–SSE extension in the upland border (Dumont et al., 1988).
O'Donnell is described as a normal conservative Republican woman by my friend.
Documented homosexuality dates as far back as ancient Greece and other cultures of the time, where it was considered to be a very normal and natural occurrence (Emond).
This shows that not only did Plato consider it normal for a male to be attracted to another male, he also believed that it began at a very young age, as the word “boyhood” signifies.
Strangely enough, the study also included pairs of biological brothers that were not twins, and out of the 142 homosexual males studied, only 14, or about 9 %, had homosexual brothers, which is approximately the normal statistical incidence of homosexuality in the general population (Bailey & Pillard).
Would you be happy back in a normal life, working and living and crying in the drudgery of whatever the hell normal is these days?
Would you be happy back in a normal life, working and living and crying in the drudgery of whatever the hell normal is these days?
I wanted to find something, anything, that would prove all this was normal and sane.
When will my wife begin to feel and act normal again?
The Spinosaur had a slightly longer gait, so I'd put it's normal walking speed at about ten, maybe fifteen, miles per hour.
Our goal was to deal with the differences Microsoft and Netscape quickly so that the normal IETF process would move forward without any detractions from either Microsoft or Netscape.
Our goal was to deal with the >>differences Microsoft and Netscape quickly so that the normal IETF >>process would move forward without any detractions from either Microsoft >>or Netscape.
How do you get these words as normal words in the text (in roman)?
If each operator has a property indicating that it can act as an embellishment on other operators, then we can use this fact to make the above parse as {&bold +} 2 in preference to the interpretation of &bold as a normal prefix operator.
He wasn’t a person you’d describe with normal adjectives, you know?”
It looked like a normal river stone, a gray oval with a white stripe through it.
The new factory, which will begin normal production early next year, will employ about 1,000 people.
It has been previously reported that IPF lung fibroblasts have decreased COX-2 expression compared to normal lung fibroblasts and, hence, have decreased PGE 2 production [ 12 20 21 ] .
We hypothesized that fibroblasts from the lungs of patients with IPF (HF-IPF) have an altered PG balance compared to normal lung fibroblasts (HF-NL).
HF-NL were cultured from five human lungs that arrived at our transplant center with the intention of being used for transplantation, but for various reasons could not be transplanted; these were macroscopically and microscopically normal.
Western blot in unstimulated fibroblasts showed no detectable COX-2 protein in either group of cells, while IL-1β significantly induced COX-2 to a similar degree in IPF and normal lung fibroblasts (Fig. 3).
It is very likely that a complex interaction among these factors exists in the tissue repair process, and it is possible that pathologic fibrosis, as in IPF, results from phenotypical alterations in fibroblasts that affect the "normal" interaction of these factors.
Our results show that stimulation of primary cultures of human lung fibroblasts with the proximal cytokine IL-1β upregulates COX-2 protein and mRNA expression to a similar degree in normal and IPF fibroblasts.
TXA 2 production tended to be greater in IPF than in normal fibroblasts at baseline; when stimulated with IL-1β this difference became statistically significant.
These effects may counteract the profibrotic effects seen with TXA 2 and it is possible that an alteration of a "normal" physiologic balance between PGI 2 and TXA 2 could increase tendency towards fibrogenesis.
In our study we found that both COX-2 protein expression and PGE 2 production were upregulated to a similar degree in IPF and normal lung fibroblasts.
Although the reasons for our different results are unclear, the fact that we found similar COX-2 expression and PGE 2 production in normal and IPF lung fibroblasts suggests that loss of COX-2 expression is not a universal characteristic of fibroblasts cultured from the lungs of subjects with IPF.
We have found that fibroblasts cultured from normal and IPF human lungs have a significant and similar induction of the COX-2 enzyme when stimulated with IL-1β, but that IPF fibroblasts produced more thromboxane and had a significantly lower prostacyclin:thromboxane ratio.
COX = cyclooxygenase; HF = human fibroblasts; NL = normal lungs; IPF = idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis; IFN = interferon; IL = interleukin; PG = prostaglandin; TX = thromboxane; PGI 2 = prostacyclin.
His breath returning to its normal rhythms, he dared to look at the page before him.
Everything is completely back to normal now!
The remaining clones hybridized with both normal cell DNA and the metastatic cell DNA.
Author 6 (JV) participated in collection of normal cervical specimens.
We previously demonstrated [ 25] that, in normal tissues, MCM2 is detectable only in proliferating cells.
There was no significant difference between the normal T cells and RA T cells for these two groups.
Probes for the Factor V Leiden (FVL) mutant and normal alleles (see Table 1) were designed using the parameters outlined in Methods.
In contrast, only 14% of normal breast tissues expressed BP1.
For coating with antibodies, wells were first coated with protein A/G (1 μg/well) in 0.1 M Tris buffer, pH 8.8 for 2 h at 20°C, followed by mAb NC-1 or normal mouse IgG (= control wells) {1 μg/well; diluted in phosphate buffered saline (PBS)} for 1 h at 20°C.
To determine if the effects of the U-compounds are reversible, BAECs were pre-treated with U73343 (5 μM) for 5 min, washed and resuspended in normal extracellular buffer in the absence of U73343.
Mutant forms of myosin II that do not assemble into bipolar thick filaments in vitro fail to rescue myosin null phenotypes, nor do they localize to the furrow during cytokinesis [ 6 7 ] ). Although myosin II is not essential for cell division on a surface, it is critical for normal timely cell separation and for symmetric placement of the division furrow [ 8 ] . GFP-myosin II is transported to the furrow of dividing cells growing on surfaces even though it is not essential for cytokinesis under these conditions.
Different values for the exponent are tested and a correlation coefficient between the transformed data and an ideal normal distribution is calculated.
The finding that A. pisum embryos maintained at 16°C showed considerable malformation may be a consequence of surpassing the normal thermal limits of developmental regulation.
2e), whereas they show the same pattern of loss as afferent fibers in neurotrophin null mutants [ 16 ] . These data suggest that the spiral sensory neurons develop qualitatively normal at least until P0 and therefore allow normal pathfinding of efferents.
Student t -tests comparing normal and tumor tissue samples showed no difference in mean fraction of β-tubulin class II (0.
Adult mouse LIF over expression mediated by transfer of LIF over expressing hematopoietic cells results in a lethal, multi-systemic phenotype that includes small adrenals with a loss of the innermost cortical layer [ 28 ] . Pituitary specific LIF over expression leads to a Cushing's Syndrome-like condition of GC hyperactivity [ 29 30 ] . LIF null adult mice have normal or slightly reduced basal ACTH and GC concentrations, and are unable to respond to acute stress by increased ACTH.
He's never risen to the top ranks of the Senate because he's never been able to behave like a normal senator.
I have even written for the American Prospect . It is not, I claim, really a political issue in the normal sense.
Elucidating the mechanisms at play during readthrough may help understand normal translation termination.
We have tested 16 site-directed mutants of E. coli FtsZ for assembly and GTPase activity in vitro, and for whether they can function in vivo to complement ftsZ84 . Mutations on the front and back of the FtsZ protofilament were mostly benign: they had normal in vitro assembly, and could complement ftsZ84 . Several of these, however, had significantly reduced in vitro GTPase, demonstrating that the high level of GTPase is not essential for assembly or function in vivo.
Histological examination of the 'normal' tissues indicates the presence of fibrocystic changes in many of the samples and therefore, although these changes are not uncommon in normal aging, they cannot be classified as truly 'normal' breast tissue.
Quibbling additions and corrections: the mirrorreverse epitaph (p. 2) is anything but an illiterate endeavor, the letter forms being quite standard, the contents entirely normal.
The chromosomal distributions of these putative brain tumor enriched transcripts and the normal brain enriched transcripts are quite different.
Strong nonspecific signal appeared for samples known to be either homozygous mutant or normal, frequently generating a heterozygous genotyping miscall.
If probe response factors can be calculated, the "bad" but "stable" probes can be scaled, and the distribution may be expected to be closer to normal, therefore expression levels and their uncertainties can be calculated in a more statistically sound manner.
The sections were incubated in NGS blocking buffer [4% normal goat serum (NGS; Vector Laboratories, Burlingame, CA; Cat.
Having detected all three proteins immunohistochemically in normal, benign and malignant breast epithelia, the quantitation of OPN, TSP-1 and TYRP-1 mRNA was achieved using LCM and qPCR.
where f denotes the normal distribution of the phenotype N (μ κι , σ 2), h is distributed according to the Mendelian segregation pattern and ψ is multinomially distributed with probability vector 
Trophoblast cells derived from normal placentae differentiated into large syncytial clusters in the presence of PhR without E2 supplementation.
Therefore, one possibility is that the inclusions arise as a consequence of disruption of the normal physiological function of Rab24.
For continuous data, such as gene-expression data, the use of normal components in the mixture distribution is natural.
The drinking water was replaced with normal saline (0.
Feeding both LC-PUFA containing oils mimicked (or accentuated) the fasted metabolic state, confirming this aspect of the beneficial health effects of dietary LC-PUFA for both normal and clinical populations, and even household pets.
The discrepancy between our findings and findings of nuclear localization of TTP may be due to several factors [ 20 21 22 24 25 ] . First, most of those studies did not measure endogenous TTP but usually relied on transfection of cell lines, perhaps resulting in mislocalization due to the presence of an epitope tag or overexpression [ 20 21 22 24 25 ] . Second, by definition, those cells were largely cycling and thus were not representative of normal hematopoietic cells.
Since CAP, unlike the other polymers listed above, is not soluble at low pH, characteristic for a normal vaginal environment [ 42 ] , micronized forms of CAP had to be used in microbicidal formulations of this compound [ 30 31 32 33 34 ] . Therefore, it was of interest to determine how CAP in micronized form and other candidate polymeric microbicides affect X4 and R5 viruses represented by HIV-1 IIIB and BaL, respectively.
In contrast, young rats achieved normal biomechanical strength by four weeks after fracture [ 12].
4± 8.5 per pancreas) and in the seven pancreata from normal controls: 306 (43.
The negative predictive value is the proportion of subjects with a normal test result who do not have the target disorder.
