Whatever you buy, you may be able to work out a discount.
While rescue efforts to save the survivors of the Kursk failed, salvage crews were able to recover a 'Black Box' from the submarine which recorded events leading up to the explosion.
God gave him big arms and strong legs, and he was able to swim across the river in about two hours, after almost drowning a couple of times.
For this event, when you purchase a corporate picnic table, you will be able to bring 16 people.
I am contacting you about a need I have and I believe you are well able to help me.
It was the brain, mostly; the amount of information the machine had to process to be able to function at the level it did ate up a lot of resources.
But as the day wore on, the Red Sox tried harder and by Tuesday night were able to get the player they wanted for their lineup.
Imagine the feeling of being able to offer your opportunity and products to millions of people in North America and other parts of the world from your own home-based niche.
We also hope you have been able to follow the public education campaign for our master’s programs in The New York Times and elsewhere, a sign of our belief in them.
and now need to design a cd jacket Wanting to sleep because I am dog tired but not able to sleep (because I am dog tired?
Please don’t make me feel any guiltier about not being able to be with you.
“My plan is that you shut up while we’re trying to conduct business with someone who might be able to tell us what we’re actually going up against.
Ants engaged in all three behaviors must be able to identify other nestmates and their current tasks (as well as indicate to other ants their own nestmate status and current task), walk, navigate both within and outside of the nest, and of course switch tasks at appropriate times.
As he turned away from the beach, he saw the last flame of the fire, what used to be so huge he was afraid they wouldn’t be able to put it out, go away forever.
In ‘weak’ situations individuals are not able to interpret events in the same way, and the resulting ambiguity opens the door to myriad personal interpretations and opportunities for enactment.
I shouted, hardly able to hear myself.
Melody asked "The ability to be able to go into that mirror realm...
The EPR features of VO 2+are able to reveal some details about how CD39 hydrolyzes ATP and ADP.
Because this function responds to the sensors on Antie’s around the sides and only its sonar detectors will be able to detect objects in front of it, this escape function will not prevent Antie from being able to locate and pick up objects such as seeds.
Walking would appear as running, when traveling in the mirror realm, that is, if anyone in the real world was able to see them.
That should be able to cover most needs.
Hong Kong’s stores are usually able to arrange shipment.
In many parts of the world it is seen as essential for the success of the global services that they should be able to recognize, store, and present textual information like personal and organizational names, represented in the character sets used by those concerned.
You won't be able to resist.
"Not everyone in Calcutta, or India for that matter, is unanimous in praising the nun, whose organization was able to raise millions of dollars worldwide but made virtually no significant changes in the social structure of this collapsing city's poor neighborhoods.
Just enough for us all to be able to barely avoid killing each other.
Please l know very well that this mail might come to you as a surprise, I am rs Dagmar a dying woman who has decided to donate what I have to the Church, Mosque or any Charity Organization round your community through your assistance since l will not be able to do this here in my community for the reason which l will explain to you later.
Suddenly the lights dim and he is able to fully open his eyes.
Rather than sit back and wait for their jobs to be snatched away, the workers and local union members in the mills fought long and hard to be able to keep the factories open.
And, if you are able to send a gift of $15 or more, as a special new member bonus, I’ll send you our exclusive dolphin tote bag.
To act ethically, you must first be able to act at all.
Now, five chapters later, it is hardly an independent deduction that autonomous agents are the proposed organization of matter, energy, and organization to which purposes can be ascribed in the sense of being able to act on their own behalf.
We have not seen anything that demonstrates that every coal-fired power plant would be able to achieve 90% source-specific controls for mercury by 2007, without considerable fuel switching, which would be very disruptive to our economy and undermine energy security.
This means that the Directory must be able to handle national characters not found in the US-ASCII repetoire.
They leave Pleasant Run, generally, ready and able to contribute to society.
Because this function responds to the sensors on Antie’s around the sides and only its sonar detectors will be able to detect objects in front of it, this escape function will not prevent Antie from being able to locate and pick up objects such as seeds.
I've not been able to corroborate this explanation, but I'll never forget it.
Please let me know of you would be able to do this.
Students' GPAs will, in part, determine what they are able to do with their lives.
After all, I began by stating that a bacterium swimming upstream in the glucose gradient was acting on its own behalf in an environment, defined an autonomous agent as a physical system able to act on its own behalf, then asked what a physical system must be such that it can act on its own behalf.
With MegaDick you will be able to enlarge your dik to the necessary size and attract any lady you wish!
You are the lightI am the shadowSitting in the glow Of your flameHanging onTo the threads of lightThat encompass youMake you unattainableYet bind me to youIn a wayThat I knowI will never be able to let goKeep me in your glowFeed me those threadsAnd let me shine
You will not be able to send or receive new mail until you upgrade your email.
So if you think you'll be able to achieve a goal, you're more likely to set it.
One day, you won't be able to resist.
If the young farmers and foodies of Truro can organize, they might just be able to get local agriculture back on its feet.
Please if you would be able to use these funds for the Lord's work kindly reply to me.
Perhaps it is just as well, for only by the means available to modern science are we now able to preserve some of the artifacts that we find and, through radiocarbon dating, determine their approximate age.
It took some time and hard work, but with the help of Goodwill, Jerry was able to work out a payment plan with the prosecutor's office, find housing and conduct a more thorough job search.
The Federal Aviation Administration representative working in the FBI operations center made sure that the FBI was aware of the flights of Saudi nationals and was able to screen the passengers before they were allowed to depart.
We must be able to reach all youth and families interested in values-based programs.
Since then, she and I have grown very close and I have been able to experience lots of new things.
I've also set up a trust fund for the defense of the islands, Mr. Perkins will be able to provide you with all the necessary paperwork, and I've retained him as chief counsel for you.
In the case of midden work, Antie must be able to identify garbage, grasp it, carry it out of the nest, and deposit it about halfway down the mound before returning to repeat the process ad infinitum (or until stimulated to switch behaviors).
We go to movies, dinner, concerts, and other stuff like that, but I have also been able to participate in charity events and fundraiser type things.
We have lacked a physical definition of an autonomous agent, able to manipulate the universe on its own behalfthe egret whose foreboding of winter leads to lifted wing and steady, powerful flight.
The results I achieved were magnficent, my appetite came to acceptable level, I was in a good mood oftener, and, certainly, I became able to tighten my belt on some holes.
David Coleman) "Its a great advantage to be able to hurdle with both legs" (David Coleman) Jimmy Hill: "Don't sit on the fence Terry.
Pascoe said, "Only then will New Jersey voters be able to decide Torricelli's fitness for office.
I propose here the theoretical construction and programming of a robot (hereafter referred to as Antie) that will be able to infiltrate a red harvester ant nest, switching between the foraging, patrolling and midden work behaviors.
Fortunately by this time I had regained my presence of mind and was able to hold tightly to the rope, in spite of the excruciating pain I was now beginning to experience.
Not able to do anything else but wait, the Lone Ranger returned to the bar to finish his drink.
People knew what I could do, yet they thought I wasn’t able to do little things, like walking down a hallway.
Labor costs in America continued to go up, draining US companies of their resources, while companies overseas were able to cut labor costs and put that money back into updating and renovating their facilities.
Now that the international character code ISO 10646 is out, isn't it time for communication systems to be able to not only exchange pictures and sound but also plain text?
Powell said that Wolfowitz was not able to justify his belief that Iraq was behind 9/11.
Arthur Andersen will be able to retrieve these files for review with their terminal server access at the Three Allen Center location.
Would you be able to suggest anyone else - either in Australia, Europe or US who would be good to get to discuss the California crisis?
People tried to convince me to go through with all of the things doctors kept trying to fix by telling me "I can't imagine not being able to see.
What has your support of our campers meant to them and what have they been able to accomplish because you care?
Soon we will be able to point and click our enemies into oblivion.
You will be able to update your transfer information quickly and easily using our secure server web form.
He asks us to "look at what I, a foreign citizen, was able to do at a local Canadian Wal-Mart."
We won’t be able to broadcast a live feed from the area, so until we're clear, this is Melina Ortega live in Costa Rica.
Would you be able to suggest anyone else - either in Australia, Europe or US who would be good to get to discuss the California crisis?
Your processor should be able to tell you this information.
I categorized them based on their appearances, hoping I'd be able to pick them out of the crowd again later.
Authors should be able to control the settings for this and for literals.
and they might be able to fix it.
In Colombia, legal successes have often come about due to the Colombian government's recognition of the political viability of the rhetoric of indigenous rights; by granting indigenous peoples judicial sovereignty they hope to win the trust of a people who view the government as incapable of protecting them from the ongoing civil strife, and by giving them blocks of land they hope that the indigenous community will be able to keep out drug traffickers and guerrillas where the government itself has not (Jackson 1995: 8).
While I did not attend the trial--I was lucky to be able to read your highly amusing and informative dispatches, several of which made me spit up my lunch laughing--it certainly seemed as if the image of Bill Gates took a beating and the insular culture of Microsoft did not look so good.
After few months of this ugly situation and experience a friend of mine that had similar fraud experience years back, advised me on how he was able to get
This meant that foreign facilities were more modern and efficient than any plants in America, and therefore were able to export a more competitive product.
Earlier in the day Tuesday, one member of the Red Sox organization was not sure they would be able to get Floyd.
You may not be able to rescue that particular animal.
Specifically, I feel (quite strongly) that the user should be able to specify any old charset and have display at least attempted at the other end.
And won’t you also please make a tax-deductible contribution of just $15 --or more if you are able -- to help save the dolphins, whales, sea turtles, and other amazing marine creatures who so desperately need support from all of us these days!
As he turned away from the beach, he saw the last flame of the fire, what used to be so huge he was afraid they wouldn’t be able to put it out, go away forever.
I would appreciate it very much if you were able to assist/guide me.
So thankful to be able to share thru educating & inspiring others :- We are a generation of men raised by women, I'm wondering if another woman is really the answer we need" Tyler Durden Am I the only one who can't get the pigtailed Fook Yu out of my mind whenever I see Carrie Ann Inaba on #DWTS?
Would you be able to suggest anyone else - either in Australia, Europe or US who would be good to get to discuss the California crisis?
Pay a visit to the Casa Museu da Taipa, and you’ll be able to get a glimpse of how Macanese families lived in former days.
