(Chatterbox would prefer not to invoke the phrase "intellectual dishonesty," because it's pompous and falsely suggests that only intellectuals can be intellectually dishonest.
Donaldson suggests that on 60 Minutes Clinton had admitted to infidelity.
Many a raucous snigger has been sniggered from the pure-minded use of a word that suggests unmentionable parts of the human body.
Warburton's use: “sandbanks intercept the stream, which finally splits into narow water-courses and spreads itself over the plains, and so it ends as a creek” suggests a somewhat more complex relation between the two words.
Namma-holes have been variously described; to Carnegie they are depressions on the surface of rocks, often with a rounded bottom, where stones are often found, suggesting that the stones have something to do with the formation of the holes.
In Thomas Hardy's The Hand of Ethelberta , it is suggested by Ethelberta that she and some others go to see Milton's tomb in Cripplegate church.
Miles suggests that such domination is a recent phenomenon—only a couple of thousand years old—for she points to the clear superiority of women in (primitive) religions and matriarchies, right on through to the Egyptian dynastic rulers.
At one point, she gets so carried away with her thesis that she suggests that females were responsible not only for all of human evolutionary biology but for the very notion of counting (in order to keep track of menstruation) and, probably by the same token, astronomy.
As Luke was a Greek, Campbell suggested that Mary was a carryover from the paganism of the ancient Greek pantheon.
That is not entirely true, for linguists know too much about language to suggest that there ever was, literally, a single language from which all Indo-European languages descended.
It also has a few neat features, like suggesting a few alternatives if you happen to think that preceding is spelt “preceeding” (as many people do).
This is not to suggest that Dickson's book is a catalogue of bloopers, or what Amsel Greene (and Jack Smith) like to call pullet surprises .
Indeed, a phylogenetic analysis of the envelope protein of these elements reported by Malik et al [ 23] suggests that they are derived from a monophyletic event that resulted from their incorporation of a baculovirus envelope protein gene in an ancestral member of these retrovirus-like elements.
[ 5 ] suggested that the increase in portal blood flow might be the only change required to explain the meal effect.
Our work on apparel supplier adjustments to lean retailing suggests that an economy characterized by an increasing level of modern manufacturing and retailing practices should experience lower levels of inventories relative to sales.
In vivo and in vitro studies of avian osteoclasts led Pederson et al to suggest that modulation of the Ocl response to estrogen may be controlled by alterations in the Ocl estrogen receptor level [ 3].
To suggest that genetic identity between two individuals of differing ages is of any material consequence to their self-identity is the height of hubris.
Still life--the portrayal of familiar inanimate objects--is, as the name suggests, a paradoxical genre.
It is interesting, however, that in an animal model, graded levels of dietary gamma-tocopherol in a diet containing a constant level of alpha-tocopherol were found to increase the levels of alpha-tocopherol in serum and most tissues [ 16 ] . This remarkable result has yet to be reproduced in humans but certainly suggests an interaction between dietary gamma-tocopherol and alpha-tocopherol similar to that reported here on the cellular level.
[ 21 ] ), a growing body of research also suggests that there might be increased vulnerability during the neonatal period [ 15 16 17 ] . The fact that the blood-brain barrier is incomplete [ 34 ] , provides a putative explanation as to why neonates and fetal mice in utero appear to be more sensitive to neurotoxins like domoic acid than adult animals [ 35 36 37 ] . Although microglia contribute to circa 10% of the total glial cell population in the central nervous system (For review see Ref.
This suggests that, in addition to the specific electrostatic regulatory function, the PRC-barrel mediates specific interactions with other molecules through multiple surfaces.
For a man of his intelligence and lifelong habit of writing, such a slip of the pen--or tongue--readily suggests to a psychoanalytically trained eye or ear an ambivalence, if not a mental conflict, about the denial.
Due to the fact we were not aware of any investigations on DBS and mobile phones using other technologies as Universal Mobile Telecommunications System (UMTS) we suggest that patients with DBS should take into account the safety recommendations given above.
America is a road movie that suggests the impossibility of travel; perhaps Brooks conceived of The Muse as a movie about the creative spirit that would subversively suggest the impossibility--at least in Hollywood--of creation.
But the movie's Flynt stops his drug use cold turkey after a 1983 operation to cauterize his nerves, suggesting he had shot up only to alleviate his physical pain.
My 4-year-old-son suggested that we just get Dad a motel room for the holidays and let him deal with room service.
It has been suggested that weight standards be adjusted upwards for age [ 8 ] . Such recommendations remain controversial, however, because the number of studies of older persons is fairly small, and because few studies have examined the relation of BMI to quality of life or years of healthy life (YHL) in the elderly [ 9 ] .
Prudie suggests you tell this new chap you made up a bunch of stuff for a dumb reason and want to set the record straight.
This suggests that there was minimal toxicity associated with the chemopreventive intervention, except in the tamoxifen + 4-HPR group, in which mild toxicity was observed.
Black college students and adults increased significantly on an overall mental health factor and showed a greater reduction in self-reported anxiety and neuroticism after one year of TM practice [ 24 ] . Although findings have not been entirely consistent [ 25 ] , improved academic performance has been reported in high school students practicing TM [ 26 ] , and in African American college students practicing a simple meditation process [ 27 ] . In a medium-sized chemical manufacturing company, with employees practicing TM over a six-year period, days lost through illness or injury decreased by 50 per cent and absenteeism declined by 89 per cent [ 28 ] . These findings suggest that examination of the effects of TM on improving school-related behaviors in youth is warranted.
Though various analyses have suggested that Bradley's health-care plan may require more funding than Bradley has yet acknowledged in order to be effective, Bradley has offered a plausible plan to pay for his proposal out of projected budget surpluses.
The primary support for the pelvic organs comes from the pelvic floor muscles [ 1 2 ] . This suggests that an alteration to the levator ani supportive function may significantly contribute to the pathogenesis of PFD [ 3 ] , which affect 5% of younger and nearly 50% of elderly women [ 2 ] . In women, the levator muscles form a horizontal shelf with an anterior midline cleft (the urogenital hiatus) through which the urethra, vagina, and rectum pass.
However, CaM can also interact with group III mGluRs [ 26 28 ] . Recent data suggests that the association of CaM with group III mGluRs is necessary for normal G protein activation [ 27 ] . By analogy to group III mGluRs, the ability of Siah1a to compete with CaM for binding to group I mGluRs was considered a potential mechanism for the actions of Siah1a on group I mGluR-mediated calcium current inhibition.
Recent studies indicate that okadaic acid inhibits nuclear transport mediated by import receptors, importin β and transportin, suggesting that an okadaic acid sensitive phosphatase participates in a mechanism that negatively regulates entire nuclear transport pathways [ 32].
There's politics on both sides of the matter, says the Times : Korean politicians want up-front money to soften what are widely viewed in their country as the bailout's regulatory intrusions, while the Clinton administration has tried to make the U.S. contribution to the deal--estimated to be potentially $5 billion--more palatable by suggesting there's a chance it would never actually be needed.
Other studies, however, suggested that a decrease in cAMP, rather than an increase in IP 3 , mediated bitter transduction.
Just recently, the International Herald Tribune carried an alarming piece in which Henry Tang, a prominent local industrialist and member of Tung's Cabinet, suggested tapping Hong Kong's considerable foreign exchange (some $69 billion in reserves, plus another $22 billion in a special fund from land sales) to develop southern China.
President Clinton suggested that the U.S. military might offer logistical support for an Australian-led peace force.
The evidence that adolescent diet may affect the risk of breast cancer derives from several lines of evidence [ 1 ] . Rates of breast cancer among Asian immigrants to the United States do not approach those of US white women until the second or third generation, suggesting that exposures during childhood and adolescence are important in establishing a higher risk of breast cancer [ 2 3 ] . Norwegian women who were adolescents during World War II, when average caloric intake decreased by 22%, have a reduced incidence of breast cancer, suggesting that energy restriction might affect risk [ 4 ] . Similarly, in animal models, energy restriction in the peripubertal period inhibits mammary tissue proliferation and reduces the subsequent risk of mammary tumors [ 5 6 ] . Exposure of rats to carcinogens before first pregnancy increases the incidence of mammary tumors compared with exposure after first pregnancy [ 7 ] . After differentiation of the mammary gland at the time of first full-term pregnancy of the rat, the rate of cell division decreases and length of the cell cycle increases, allowing more time for DNA repair [ 8 ] . This biologic phenomenon might explain the apparent vulnerability of the adolescent breast tissue to carcinogenic exposures.
Src has also been found to co-immunoprecipitate with the agonist-stimulated β 2 -AR during the period of ERK activation [ 8 ] . Our previous work [ 11 13 ] suggested that a Src-like protein tyrosine kinase was primarily responsible for tyrosine phosphorylation of the δ-OR and ERK activation induced by DTLET when the receptor was expressed in CHO or HEK-293 cells, because both responses were blocked by the presence of 50 μM PP1.
How do you suggest I approach the topic?
We suggest that there is a common defect in trc and fry bristles, laterals and hairs.
Influenced by Elkins, Moynihan suggested that slavery--and the barriers to male employment imposed by Jim Crow--had instilled in African-American culture such recurring features as broken families and illegitimacy.
These observations suggest that the N-terminal-most domain of the SGCs is evolutionarily mobile: it occurs in several distinct contexts with other domains in the same polypeptide, or in a stand-alone form.
In the colon, loss of the type II TGF-β receptor occurs at the late adenoma to carcinoma transition [ 49], suggesting that early premalignant lesions retain TGF-β responsiveness and would be amenable to interventions that enhance TGF-β activity.
In summary, these results suggest that IL-10 is an important regulator of inflammation in vivo . In CIA, a deficiency in IL-10 leads to an increase in disease severity.
The processing of golgin-160 and giantin occurred as early as that for PARP, suggesting that these proteins are cleaved during the onset of apoptosis (data not shown).
Those inhabiting English's linguistic core may find the phrase cloying, but its popularity in finance and sport, and in the English spoken by non-native speakers, suggests that its colonizing power remains robust.
It should be noted that although some mouse ESTs do match in BLAST searches, suggesting the existence of a murine 3635 protein, its C-terminal region could not be predicted in its entirety because of the lack of corresponding overlapping ESTs or genomic sequences.
None suggests plain rote drilling: all suggest a pattern of association, some alphabetical, some psychological, some numerical, and so forth.
During the past few years, ZrO 2 has been introduced to dentistry [ 14 15 ] . The partially stabilized ZrO 2 has a fracture toughness twice that of A 2 O 3 [ 16 ] suggesting that ZrO 2 based copings could become a major competitor to Procera in the future.
The other major finding: far more Americans practice buy-and-hold investing than all the headlines about day traders would suggest, with 55 percent of investors not making a single trade last year.
In most cases, however, it consists, as the previous examples suggest, of two elements, each hinting at the answer in its own way.
A number of studies suggest that energy efficiency technology investments also tend to increase overall productivity of the economy, especially in the industrial sector.
I would respectfully suggest that this makes him much more of a socialist than his Republican critics.
A profile of MCA chief Edgar Bronfman Jr. suggests that he's too nice for Hollywood.
The true mean column in Table 4arefers to clustering the true mean data (estimated with the error model suggested by Ideker et al . [ 24 ] ) instead of clustering the repeated measurements.
This suggests an adaptive compensation to the depletion of the neurotransmitter stores in the heart sympathetic nerve terminals.
As shown in Figure 7A, each of the mutant versions of Boi1 is present at a concentration similar to or higher than that of wild-type Boi1, suggesting that the reduced functions of the mutant versions of Boi1 are not likely to be due to effects on their concentrations.
The most common secondary discharge diagnosis for both diabetic ketoacidosis and hyperglycemic hyperosmolar syndrome was kidney replaced by transplant, and secondary diagnoses did not reveal a preponderance of conditions suggesting an underlying condition leading to hospitalization.
Comparison among antibodies that are specific for phosphorylated IFs (SMI-31, RT-97) and those not (SMI-32, anti-GFAP) suggests that the nuclear structures are a phosphorylated IF.
The introduction to the first edition listed several such words, suggested by colleagues, such as clothesfuck difficulty in deciding what clothes to wear and fuckbreak leave of absence from work in order to get pregnant (two other terms from this section, fuckload a large amount and fuck-muscle the penis, were omitted for insufficient evidence but will now be added).
Of the 111 items that were dropped, 61 vanished in just two to five years, suggesting that the early years of a word's temporary admission to the English lexicon are the most critical.
The German word for silk stockings escaped me, but the English word hose promptly suggested itself to my mind.
Converging evidence from epidemiological and molecular studies suggests that infection of genital human papillomavirus (HPV) is causally linked to the development of CC [ 4 ] . Since only a small fraction of HPV-infected cervical intra-epithelial neoplastic (CIN) lesions progress to invasive cancer, these studies further suggest that in addition to HPV, other host genetic factors play a role in cervical carcinogenesis [ 5 ] . A number of molecular studies have identified genetic alterations in these two histologic types of CC and at various stages of precursor lesions [ 6 7 8 ] . Despite this molecular characterization, the genetic basis of CC initiation and progression is still very poorly understood.
These data indicate that the v-crk SH2 domain interacts with the C-terminal YDXP motifs, and as suggested by Birge et al, v-crk may be able to protect them from dephosphorylation and/or induces their phosphorylation [ 12 ] . They also suggest that the YQXP motifs may be involved in binding to other intracellular signaling molecules.
Thus, the genome trees primarily suggest (however tentatively) new unifications based on deep phylogenetic connections, rather than split already established clades.
Isn't the entire premise of this collection based on the idea that they suggest a culmination, an arrival, in Invisible Man ?
Recognition of Egl-26, H-rev107 and NSE2 as homologs of LRAT suggests a potential role for these proteins as novel components of lipid metabolism in eukaryotes.
The distribution of metastases suggests skip lesions and peppering [ 3 5 6 ] . Predicting the lymphatic spread from cancer of the oral tongue can help in choosing the appropriate surgical procedure and may also help in predicting the outcome.
No ortholog of the nocturnin genes could be found in the C. elegans genome (although completely sequenced), thus strongly suggesting that there is no such gene in this species.
Current evidence suggests that lepidopteran baculoviruses may be divided into two phylogenetic groups based on the envelope fusion proteins of budded virions [ 3].
The company suggested a material based on dichlorofluoroethane, also known as Freon 141b.
It also suggests that the real riddle--and one that O'Shea and Madigan don't thoroughly investigate--is why companies call in management consultants to begin with.
Interestingly, the marginal decrease in the total surface area due to deletion of four residues in the β7-β8 loop does not account for the dimer instability, thus suggesting that polar interactions of residues in the β7-β8 loop of p51 with the palm subdomain of p66 may play a role in conferring stability to the heterodimer.
This suggests that the temporal and spatial cues that specify neural cell fate are tightly regulated.
What do you suggest I do?
In spite of its limitations, our study suggests that the relative risk of cryptosporidiosis among AIDS patients from drinking tap water is high (adjusted OR, 23.
High level expression of HBAB had a negligible effect on the ability of the BN clones to take up or secrete bile acids, suggesting that HBAB has a minor role in the net transport of bile acids in these cells.
This may suggest that the possible role of Ruv protein is making a break into dsDNA [ 33 ] .
These days, however, the main problem comes from the right--from conservatives who, unlike most economists, really do think that the free market is always right--to such an extent that they refuse to believe even the most overwhelming scientific evidence if it seems to suggest a justification for government action.
The Met's and Boston Museum of Fine Arts' "John Singleton Copley in America" (at the Milwaukee Art Museum through Aug. 25) intersperses the art with colonial furniture, silver (including a Paul Revere teapot similar to the one in Copley's famous portrait), and costumed mannequins "suggesting the coherence of Copley's work in the cultural environment of pre-Revolutionary Boston and New York."
Data from studies of in vivo and in vitro filopodia formation suggest that they develop as a reorganization of the dendritic network in which they exist [ 29 30 ] . In the presence of proteins that bundle and reorganize actin filaments into filopodial precursors, the de-localization of Arp2/3 and other leading edge components may lead to the formation of filopodia, which are then elongated as described above.
We suggest that the PCS detected in MII oocytes mainly resulted from in vitro aging.
This one suggests the business of being funny, and conveys nothing of the surprise and delight at observations that cause explosions of laughter.
For example, retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) generates a number of reactive oxygen species when illuminated with light [ 1 ] . Furthermore, phagocytosis of photoreceptor outer segments by RPE causes an increase in intracellular [ 2 ] and extracellular H 2 O 2 generation [ 3 ] . Oxidative stress has been suggested as the cause of a number of retinal pathological conditions [ 4 5 ] .
The amino acids Methionine, Proline, Tryptophan and Glutamine occur predominantly in the rigid tripeptides and not as much in the other two categories, suggesting that Methionine, Proline, Tryptophan and Glutamine can cause structural rigidity in a tripeptide.
Early observations by Rabl (cited by [ 3]) in plants suggested a preferential polarization of chromosomes, with their centromeres clustered at one end of the nuclear envelope (the apical side) and the telomeres at the opposite end (the basal side).
Analysis of GAG release throughout these experiments suggested that, within the range of sensitivity provided by our dimethylmethylene blue assay, GAG release patterns were unaffected by removal from incubation at 37°C to room temperature for 3-6 hours of imaging each week (because all the plugs were out of the incubator for the imaging session).
Greenspan suggested that the government should exercise more "humility" in wielding antitrust action because, as in the case of U.S.
Allelic deletion on chromosomes 16q, 13q and 11p occurred less consistently (81, 55 and 46%, respectively), suggesting these regional events are more varied depending on the stage and/or type of tumor foci analyzed.
Their travel patterns and information from family members suggest that the four may have been in contact with each other as early as the fall of 1999.
Even "Republicans" are appalled, the spot suggests, citing a Time magazine article (from 12 years ago).
The authors have provided a brief introduction which is easy to follow, a list of suggested readings, and the names and addresses of the several institutions and societies in Britain where readers may indulge a more intensive interest in dialect study.
The Edinburgh and Lothians Tourist Board produces automobile tours for East Lothian, West Lothian, and Midlothian, with suggested itineraries, opening times, and prices for various sights and attractions.
Finally, I took 15 milliliters all at once--five times the suggested dosage.
