Athens became the most powerful, heralding the start of the classical <b>Greek</b> period.
The alliance became known as the Delian League.
When Alexander went on to conquer lands as far to the east as India, the Aegean became a crossroads for the long trading routes.
Delos became one of the largest marketplaces in the empire.
It was here that he wrote what was to <b>become</b> the final book of the New Testament, the Book of Revelation.
He promised a modern state for his people, but as the situation <b>became</b> volatile, civil strife broke out in Turkish cities, and those considered <b>Greek</b> were victims of threats and violence.
Finally, Greece was ousted from its new territory in Asia Minor, which became <b>part</b> of the new Turkish state.
After the war, in 1949, the Dodecanese islands finally <b>became</b> <b>part</b> of the <b>Greek</b> nation.
The Aegean Islands, which for centuries had been important ports on the trading routes, <b>became</b> the backwaters of this new transport network and the economies of several <b>islands</b> came close to collapse.
The expansion of air travel began the age of mass tourism, and Greece along with the Aegean Islands <b>became</b> exciting destinations for northern Europeans escaping their damp, cool summers.
Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent.
The children and families who come to Pleasant Run are given the opportunity to become happy, loving, and productive members of our society.
If these special children are to become the adults we all need them to be, we have to lead them in the right direction right now.
I am hopeful that you as an individual and Meridian Insurance as a corporation might consider becoming sustaining supporters of MCCOY.
Because you are an organization that cares, you are invited to become an integral <b>part</b> of this fabulous event by <b>becoming</b> a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99.
One of us will call you to discuss how your company can become an important highly visible partner with the JCC in support of our scholarship programs.
A Big Sister is a mentor, a friend and a role model, helping a young girl to develop the self-confidence and life skills necessary to become a responsible, productive and successful adult.
For a minimum contribution of $250, you become eligible for a 50% Indiana state tax credit through the Indiana Department of Commerce Neighborhood Assistance Program (NAP).
I would posit that Bill and Michael and Steve and Jerry have become the Madonnas of the current age of stock market mania and celebration of the entrepreneur.
Less than one week after September 11, an early version of what was to become the Patriot Act (officially, the USA PATRIOT Act) began to take shape.
The old draft directive on al Qaeda became, in effect, the first annex.
If true, this is an ironic name for a city that would become one of the most constantly and bitterly embattled places on the face of the earth.
But the Roman Empire became Christian in the fourth century, and Jerusalem <b>became</b> a center of religion once again.
The equality of nations has become a postulate of the international legal order.
My DNA, my biography, my talents, are certainly not the same as yours, but these differences become superficial in light of the deeper equivalence of moral value.
In the contemporary liberal culture, equality is one of those values that has become so deeply held that it is neither questioned nor justified.
So, it, that became a normal thing with us.
My husband became very ill with cancer and I had to make a decision as to whether I would continue my education or take care of him and I felt like I needed to take care of him because he stood by me so much while I was going to school.
Meaning if they accept it, it becomes moot.
You were asked to become a plaintiff in this case by the ACLU, were you not?
Now, is it an accurate statement that in the year 2004, prior to you becoming a plaintiff in this case, you had never attended a single board meeting --
Now, did you ever speak to any of the teachers at Dover High School before you became a plaintiff in this case?
And so if you don't believe everything in the newspapers, don't you think before you became a plaintiff in a lawsuit that you should have taken some personal action to verify whether things that were produced in a newspaper were really accurate?
It's just that I didn't give much credit to Noel Weinrich's comments because he would say things like, Darwin's at least what, years old, a theory becomes a theory if you say it over and over again.
I have lately been reading accounts of the exploration of the western and northwestern deserts of Australia in the 1870s and I have become very aware of the effect absent necessities might have on the frequency of particular items in discourse.
In every field, women too numerous to list were involved in developing knowledge and contributing to the welfare of their societies as they did so: the Roman Fabiola established a hospital where she worked both as nurse and doctor, becoming the first known woman surgeon before she died in AD 399.
The interest in man's forebears did not become fashionable upon the publication, a few years ago, of Roots : on a far larger scale, we have been trying to discover all we can about the origins not of men but of man.
..[were] approaching the water obstacle during the cross-country section of the Harrods International Grand Prix when the leading pair became confused, turned back and <b>became</b> entangled with the second pair.
The zoot suit became a symbolic disguise that identified the zoot-suiter as neither a Mexican nor an American.
Because the textile industry has become so capital intensive, there are fewer jobs than in the past—but the <b>people</b> who remain are, on average, paid more than apparel workers; some lower-skill jobs, such as the picker tender opening bales of fiber, have now been automated out of existence.
Many Bermudian businessmen and sailors were paid in money that became worthless after the Unionists won the war.
It has become obvious to me already how crucial the latest techniques and materials are to all fields of dentistry.
It was necessary to settle the inevitable family quarrel about the kind of nation the United States would become.
He stayed for only a few days but returned in 1502, landing here when the ships of his fleet became unserviceable; he waited at St. Ann’s Bay for help to arrive from Cuba.
A Big Sister is a mentor, a friend and a role model, helping a young girl to develop the self-confidence and life skills necessary to become a responsible, productive and successful adult.
His classic work, With His Pistol in His Hand: A Border Ballad and Its Hero, first published in 1958, has become a standard work in Chicano studies and American folklore.
When bathing in the sea became popular at the end of the 18th century, wealthy families from Edinburgh began to spend days here “taking the waters” in state-of-the art “bathing machines. ”
As we enter a new century we hope that you too will wish to become a corporate partner.
But it didn’t take long before most retailers wanted orders for basic apparel items replenished this way and they became very demanding.
Cosimo the Elder (1389–1464) became the city’s ruler and founder of the Medici dynasty in 1434.
I am writing to thank you for contacting Prevent Child Abuse New York and to invite you to continue sharing our mission by <b>becoming</b> a member.
Of course, becoming an advanced manufacturer is not just a matter of buying more information technologies or setting up a short-cycle assembly line.
By the early 18th century Canarians had become fully Spanish in both outlook and loyalties, and many volunteers joined the Peninsular War (Spaniards call it the War of Independence) which ended in 1814 with the restoration of Ferdinand VII to the Spanish throne.
Please use the enclosed pledge card and return envelope to become <b>part</b> of the mirror that IRT provides.
But the Jamaicans voted instead for full independence, which became official on 6 August 1962.
I hope you have read, in the school's Alumni Bulletin, how our dental school has taken aggressive steps to streamline operations and enhance academic opportunities while becoming more financially efficient.
“By the 1930s the charro costume became an institutionalized <b>part</b> of the Mariachi tradition when the government required Mariachis performing for official functions to wear charro outfits” (1993, 17).
Bahamians have always had to fend for themselves, and this resourcefulness has led them to become proficient at a number of practical handicrafts, many of which make beautiful souvenirs.
You can make a contribution to the Free Library and become a member of the Citywide Friends with the attached form.
Covering some 2.5 hectares (6 acres), it has palms of every variety and the centerpiece is a huge South American fig tree whose enormous branches and roots have become intertwined into one great tree house.
They welcome the chance to belong, to become self- sufficient, to regain their self-esteem and confidence.
Now the increased tourist traffic has encouraged local people to set up stalls by the roadside, and some of the villages have <b>become</b> quite accustomed to visitors.
Because you are an organization that cares, you are invited to become an integral <b>part</b> of this fabulous event by <b>becoming</b> a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99.
Yet, under the National Socialists, the code, which contains the provisions on family law, became tainted with notions of racial purity.
By 638 they controlled Palestine, and with the construction of the Dome of the Rock and the El-Aksa Mosque in Jerusalem this became the third-holiest of all Muslim cities (after Mecca and Medina).
Funds are needed here for use as seed money as we work toward establishing projects that should become self-supporting for the school.
Although the concept is not mentioned in the Constitution, the freedom to say “yes” or “no” to particular commercial relationships has become an essential dimension of personhood.
At the same time, an architect named Robert Adam became popular in the fashionable circles of the well-to-do, having made a name for himself in England.
Act today to reserve your FREE CLOCK and become a member of the National Audubon Society.
Hence, it became more probable that specific pairs of spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes might <b>become</b> linked in a variety of ways, capturing the energy resources of the spontaneous processes that could then flow in constrained ways into the nonspontaneous processes to yield novel consequences.
To the delighted curiosity of Japanese visitors, the houses are filled with the kind of Victorian paraphernalia that is becoming increasingly popular in modern Japan: damask-covered furniture, an upright piano, a massive mahogany sideboard, and a grand old gramophone with a big horn, manufactured by the Nippon-Ophone Company.
Your gift, along with the many others we receive, will provide vital resources for today's Girl Scouts to become tomorrow's community and business leaders.
Windermere and nearby Bowness became major resort towns.
I write to ask you to <b>become</b> a supporter of the Moving Company.
Supposedly the word gained popularity after Avila Camacho became president of Mexico because in ballads macho easily rhymed with Camacho.
The rebellion was crushed, Dhaskaloyiánnis was flayed alive, and the event became the subject of a rousing epic poem.
When diabetes took his sight he suffered severe depression, became withdrawn, and all but refused to leave his home until he went for rehabilitation training at WBRC.
The party of Lincoln became the radicals in Congress, and Lincoln’s successor, Andrew Johnson, himself from Tennessee with roots in the yeomanry of the former Confederacy, was less eager than Congress to effectuate a cleansing of the governments that had supported the rebellion.
West of Maspalomas the coastline becomes dominated by towering, rather barren looking cliffs, that every now and again form natural bays and coves well-suited to <b>become</b> resorts in their own right.
Them have a much greater likelihood of becoming productive and contributing members of adult society.
The relationship of government to private individuals becomes triadic or three-cornered.
In 1967 elections, the Progressive Liberal Party was victorious, its leader Lynden O. Pindling becoming premier.
As you begin that process this year, I would like to ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more positive youth development by <b>becoming</b> a supporter of the Marion County Commission on Youth, Inc.
The industry underwent another substantial restructuring in the 1980s, and product lines became even more concentrated.
On the wharf, take a ferry across to the lovely little Ile aux Coudres, another fishing community that has become a favorite artists’ haunt.
Grants are becoming harder to secure and we must look to the generosity of individuals to sustain the program.
Its ruler, Chandragupta Maurya (321–297 b.c. ), was also to become the founder of India’s first imperial dynasty with Pataliputra (modern Patna), the world’s largest city at the time, as its capital.
65% of participants will indicate that since they have been coming to the YMCA, caring about other people has <b>become</b> more important to them.
So, it, that became a normal thing with us.
Guadalupe became the symbol of Indian Catholicism, different from the European Catholicism of the Spaniards.
At the eastern end of Back Lane and turning right, Nicholas Street becomes Patrick Street, and in St. Patrick’s Close is St. Patrick’s Cathedral (see page 42).
More than 1,000 individuals and some 1,000 organizations participate annually in courses and workshops offered by the Center's Fund Raising School, the only national university-based fund raising training program with an international reputation for helping organizations become leaders in ethical fund raising.
Born in northern New Mexico on May 16, 1894 (although some sources give her birth date as 1898), Fabiola Cabeza de Baca became a famous home economist, teacher, folklorist, and writer.
The trade in sugar cane and spices was becoming profitable.
As a leader of the law school, I urge you to consider a significant annual gift of at least $1,000 and become a member of the Maennerchor Society.
For a central puzzle of quantum mechanics becomes the relation between this odd quantum world of possible events, where the possibilities can propagate, but never <b>become</b> actual, and the classical world of actual events.
Laozi is immortalized by his book of thoughts on man, nature, and the universe, Daodejing (“The Way and Its Power”), which <b>became</b> the major text of China’s greatest indigenous religion, Daoism (Taoism).
If you would like to become a member of ELM, please fill out the enclosed membership form and send it back at your earliest convenience.
In many U.S. cities Día de los Muertos ritual celebrations have become community affairs that include more than the Chicano community and may entail a procession through the streets ending at a local school or community center.
Less conservative than Martinique, Guadeloupe of late seems to be bidding to become the nudist playground of the Caribbean.
IUPUI envisions a complete and unified university campus, one that will become a model for public higher education for the nation's cities.
     the community will become supracritical.
Ibiza became a mere backwater, largely forgotten but for shipwreck or plague.
As you know, just a few short weeks from now, families everywhere will be celebrating Mother's Day, honoring mothers in ways that have become so familiar to all of us over the years.
Although rancheras are intensely male centered, there are several female singers who became famous singing rancheras, such as Lola Beltran, Lucha Villa, and Amalia Mendoza.
But while this is still true to a degree, the gap is now closing and Lisbon is becoming altogether more European.
I became so frustrated in 1985, I made a business of helping disabled veterans.
The expansion of air travel began the age of mass tourism, and Greece along with the Aegean Islands <b>became</b> exciting destinations for northern Europeans escaping their damp, cool summers.
In honor of our recent arrival become a proud parent of the Indianapolis Zoo's newest African Elephant, "Amali" which means hope.
The short-cycle plant becomes more competitive for two reasons: (1) there is less work-in-process; and (2) the finished goods inventory level necessary to satisfy retail demand for each SKU is less because the short-cycle plant can respond to actual demand more quickly.
After Parliament in London abolished slavery in 1833, there was a transitional apprenticeship period of 5 years before all slaves in the colony became fully free on 1 August 1838.
He became so frustrated with available jobs that he went into business for himself.
As with other federal agencies, performance information is becoming an increasingly important <b>part</b> of DOD's budget process.
Wolf, whose $15,000 per month retainer was just cut to $5,000, urged Gore to condemn President Clinton for his sexual foibles and to become an "alpha male."
The three promises of Gettysburg—nationhood, equality, and democracy—should have become the guiding values for interpreting the amendments that would govern postbellum America.
In order to help Balinese better prepare for new jobs in the tourism market, English language courses became mandatory in middle and secondary schools throughout the <b>island</b>.
But what I'm proudest of, is that our education program has become a national leader among fully professional not-for-profit regional theatres.
Once executive management endorses the centrality of the CIO organization and becomes a partner in the development of new systems, the CIO organization must execute its responsibilities successfully.
Your computer would have become the instantly searchable repository of all your correspondence, financial transactions, data searches, and phone conversations.
The agringado figure has become a stock character in Chicano culture and is frequently encountered in folklore, literature, and popular culture.
The first Dutch military expeditions disembarked near Singaraja, which became the <b>island</b>’s administrative capital and the colony’s chief port.
So please become an Audubon Society Member now!
Over time, policies and procedures may become inadequate because of changes in threats, changes in operations, or deterioration in the degree of compliance.
Yet the overall picture is positive: The private schools are becoming more integrated while the suburbs are <b>becoming</b> more integrated, too.
Originally it was organized for religious observances and practices, including pious prayer and bodily penance, but the society eventually became very important in providing mutual aid to the local communities.
Martinique and Guadeloupe, formal départements since 1946, have recently become régions in an administrative reshuffle.
My dream is to see every American become <b>part</b> of the Olympic family, so please give whatever you can.
Treatment was continued until disease progression became evident or side effects <b>became</b> intolerable.
Increasingly I fear that golf has become auto racing.
By 1558, after Henry VIII’s break with the Roman Catholic Church, all the existing foundations in Dublin had become Anglican (see page 14).
I have become more open-minded, more responsible, and, most importantly, I have gained a lot more self-confidence.
Larry Harley, who became its executive director in 1993 and still holds that office, joined it in 1975 as a paralegal and came back in 1979 as a lawyer.
But Dalí rapidly became slack, repetitious, corrupt, and in the end completely pathetic.
Warsaw, more strategically located in the center of the country, became the official capital of Poland in 1596.
When your gift helps an outstanding student become an outstanding teacher, you will know that you, too, have touched the future.
Although public attention usually focuses on the dates by which the trust funds are projected to become insolvent, the effects associated with financing cash deficits for these programs will be felt sooner as the baby boom generation begins to retire.
Lemann got one detail wrong: Griswold didn't become Yale's president until a few months after Buckley graduated, so the president in question would have been Griswold's predecessor, Charles Seymour.
If I am not yet entirely convinced and if I am  as I am  biased, I nevertheless become increasingly confident that cells, and probably communities of cells, do live in the ordered regime near the edge of chaos.
The lowering of duties and trade barriers at a time of considerable shipping expansion had the desired effect, and Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Las Palmas soon became two of the world’s busiest ports.
It was here they became
Soon after his return, Maggs encounters Tobias Oates, a novelist and self-styled "cartographer" of the "Criminal Mind," of which Maggs is soon forced to become the hapless embodiment.
It is interesting to remark that at some point if the dimensionality of the adjacent possible of a microstate of the Earth system increases enough, the volume within a microstate corresponding to flow to a specific adjacent possible microstate will become small enough that it must run up against Heisenberg’s “uncertainty principle.”
His successor, Ramón Berenguer IV, united Catalonia with neighboring Aragón by marriage, and his son Alfonso II became the first joint-king of Aragón and Catalonia and was known as “the Emperor of the Pyrenees.”
We need your help to continue our work, particularly as we enable area families with low incomes to become home owners.
, 1 bp change per 100 bp) in FastGroup, then the two major ClustalX Groups become apparent (e.g.
And, since rock's into defining moments, perhaps we can agree that, if July 9, 1955, is Year Zero, then the day David Bowie became the Man Who Sold Himself--for a rock 'n' roller's only inventory is his image and his songs--is Year Zero-Zero-Zero-Zero-Zero-Zero--the $55 million day rock 'n' roll finally gave up on revolution.
After the Mexican Revolution rancheras became more agreeable to the upper classes because of the movement toward a Mexican identity and nationalism and a rejection of European cultural values.
Québec is said to be derived from an Algonquin word meaning “where the river narrows,” and this becomes most apparent when you see the city’s great outcrop of rock, jutting out over the St. Lawrence.
The Indiana Historical Society would like you to become a member.
Note that since the discount is equal to the savings experienced at the margin as additional pieces become workshared, the base (1996) position <b>becomes</b> the efficient component pricing (ECP) position.
Others, notably Ken Shamrock (Frank's brother), have become pro wrestlers.
In the debates about the rights of New Orleans butchers before the Supreme Court, the notion of citizenship and its privileges became the stakeholder for any residual yearnings to express the rights of the nation.
And as Ger­many’s own imperial ambitions grew, competition for world markets became intense.
As we become independent, please help us strengthen the distinction of your degree.
Once chromosomal positions of the QTLs have been determined to a precision of 1-3 cM, reducing the probability that a QTL actually represents a cluster of linked genes, it will become appropriate to assess strengths of candidates using transgenic animals and by sequence comparisons [ 43].
But somehow it seems unlikely that spinning would have become such an institutionalized practice if investment banks didn't have a pretty good sense that a stock's price was going to jump on its opening day.
At some point, the community as a whole might become chemically supracritical.
Funchal’s deep natural harbor propelled the city’s development in the 15th and 16th centuries, when Ma­dei­ra became known to expeditions on their way to the Far East and Americas.
You are invited to become a <b>part</b> of this important new venture to strengthen this growing partnership of two great state universities in Indianapolis.
Some units whose members had become separated during the climb attempted to regroup so they could descend together.
Michael Pollan, the writer and magazine editor, writes in A Place of My Own about how he had <b>become</b> so disconnected with the physical world that he finally decided to hammer together a <b>writing</b> hut in his backyard, a desperate attempt to make contact with real objects.
With his ambition of uniting the states of Brandenburg and Prussia, it was the Great Elector Friedrich Wilhelm (1640–1688) who prepared Berlin to become a strong capital, and fortified it as a garrison town.
Because you are an organization that cares, you are invited to become an integral <b>part</b> of this fabulous event by <b>becoming</b> a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99.
Syk from all clones analyzed became tyrosine phosphorylated after BCR stimulation (lanes 2, 5, 8 and 11).
A position that seemed logical a while ago now becomes irrational.
The local Theban god Amon became intertwined with Ra creating the deity Amon Ra and around 1800 b.c. , the female Osiris cult developed into a main deity.
The Indianapolis Zoo recently became the first zoo to breed successfully the critically endangered Grand Cayman blue iguana.
Countering terrorism has become, beyond any doubt, the top national security priority for the United States.
Eventually, the consequences will become unbearable to one side or the other.
Although Bourke was first and foremost a military man, he became interested in ethnology and anthropology and <b>wrote</b> extensively on these subjects.
North of Oike, Teramachi becomes home to some of Kyoto’s most respected antique and washi shops, some of which have been in business for hundreds of years.
Turn back the hands of time and remember when you made the decision to become a dental hygienist.
As the array of hope in recent years, gene expression array technology has quickly grown into a powerful tool to chart a gene atlas in various biological sources and under various conditions in a massively parallel manner [ 5 6 7 ] . Facing the challenge of annotating such a huge amount of genomic data, increasing array information density and improving analysis algorithms have become two critical research areas to ensure that gene expression profiling proceeds in an efficient and cost effective manner.
The answer says everything about what Evans has become.
Two more foreign kings ruled after Róbert, but it was a Hungarian noble, János Hunyadi, who was to become the national saviour in the mid-15th century.
Yet those cards quickly became obsolete as computers shrank in size and new data-handling technologies were invented.
While training at al Qaeda camps, a dozen of them heard Bin Ladin's speeches, volunteered to become suicide operatives, and eventually were selected as muscle hijackers for the planes operation.
The Nazi flag of the opening scene has become a Tibetan one, which they place on the summit.
In short, there seems to be no way to prespecify either the quantum or classical variables that will become relevant to the physical evolution of the universe.
Erechtheus — part man, <b>part</b> snake — was a legendary King of Athens who, over the generations, <b>became</b> closely connected with Poseidon.
Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent.
As shorter chronic tests were developed, it became common practice to apply the same terminology to the endpoints.
In early 1997, McCain became chairman of the commerce committee, which oversees the cable industry.
In the verbal folklore repertoire of Chicanos, jokes abound about Mexicans who become Anglos and adopt the values, mannerisms, food, clothing styles, and verbal expressions of the dominant society.
The buildings here have great artistic and historic importance and for this reason have become the focus of a French-funded restoration project.
Our challenge is to maintain the tradition of our past and to become even stronger in the future.
Tang and Lane [ 49 ] showed that C/EBPα becomes associated with peri-centromeric chromatin upon expression during adipocyte differentiation.
Anyone who compares the multifarious dictionaries bearing the Webster name cannot help observing the differences in quality, quantity, and treatment offered: the name has become meaningless, made inferior by its universal application to virtually any kind of dictionary.
In the 1890s, the Pledge of Allegiance, our secular prayer to the flag, spontaneously spread across the country and became a standard <b>part</b> of the socialization process for all American children.
The blockade finally ended in May 1949, and West Berlin became a Land linked administratively with, but thus far not politically incorporated into, the new Federal Republic of Germany.
As a member of the family of Girl Scouts we need your continued support to help these dreams become a reality.
Steiner opens the collection with "The Uncommon Reader," a tour-de-force meditation on Jean-Siméon Chardin's painting Le Philosophe lisant , which becomes, through attentive reading of details--"his folio, his hourglass, his incised medallions, his ready quill"--an emblem for the vanishing culture of book and reader.
I'd like to tell you about how I got into becoming a teacher's assistant.
In the last thirty years Mariachi festivals have become very popular throughout the Southwest.
The Spanish remained for another 60 years, and Madeira became a Spanish territory.
For a minimum contribution of $250, you become eligible for a 50% Indiana state tax credit through the Indiana Department of Commerce Neighborhood Assistance Program (NAP).
the withdrawal of nutrition and hydration [ 21 22 ] ), patient monitoring, the stage and circumstances of the illness in which sedation can be offered or employed, and the informed consent process with patients and surrogates [ 23 ] . Requests for sedation seem to become of increasing relevance in advance directives, but the ethical implications may rise to conflicts between patients' wishes to hasten death and physicians' intentions to provide the best care and not to shorten life.
(Participants in the fourth study were able to assess their abilities more realistically, but only by becoming less incompetent.)
The connection between blood and salvation becomes much stronger, however, in the Christian interpretation of its Jewish legacy.
The park was established in 1935 and was given Corbett’s name after India became independent.
Day by day, your support as a member of the Conservancy becomes more and more crucial to the success of our work -- to protect and save natural areas that soon may be lost forever.
It did not go over and became known as the Philadelphia Urinal.
Rethinking how to service stringent retail replenishment requirements for ever broadening product lines in more selling seasons has become a central business challenge.
Hitler became Chancellor on 30 January 1933.
Special Opportunities No organization can anticipate every opportunity that may become available during its next budget cycle.
The spouse was hospitalised for an invasive S. epidermitis infection that developed approximately two days after an undressed surgical incision became contaminated with sand blowing from an adjacent field treated with Class B biosolids.
Regis and Kathie Lee quickly became figures of ridicule, the embodiment of unhip.
Large numbers of young men from El Paso, speaking the pachuco argot, settled in Los Angeles during the early 1940s, and it was there that they became recognized as an identifiable group, and considered to be gang members.
This impressive assembly earned the fertile Río Ameca Valley (just north of present day Puerto Vallarta) the name Valle de Banderas (Valley of the Banners), and the great bay just in front of the valley became known as Bahía de Banderas.
Not only have many of our class juggled family and job responsibilities with studies, but they also have made time to participate in student activities which have become traditions in our school.
After four serial passages in the immunocompetent mice, the infection became completely refractory to ACV treatment.
An opinion poll published Monday in the Guardian of London found, surprisingly, that a large proportion of Britons think Australia should ditch the monarchy: Forty percent said it should become a republic and 34 percent that it should keep the queen as its head of state.
The adjacent George C. Page Museum (5801 Wilshire Boulevard) has on display the skeletons of mammoths, mastodons, saber-toothed tigers, and other unfortunate creatures who became trapped in the sticky tar during the last Ice Age.
You can become a Branch Friend at your local branch.
This one compartment definition of FPM has become the standard definition in some laboratories [ 4 ] .
In those terms I have become richer.
Only a woman can become a lechuza.
Iráklion was a thriving port in Minoan times and became known as Herakleium under Roman rule.
You become a member of the Citywide Friends of the Free Library as a benefit of giving $25 or more annually to the Free Library Foundation, and you can also join the Branch Friends in your neighborhood by paying a nominal membership fee at your local branch.
As the discount level (on the horizontal axis) gets up to ¾ of a cent, 20 billion pieces become presorted.
It's the beginning of what Bill McKibben called "the end of nature"--that is, when nature became no longer an autonomous, self-regulating <b>force</b> but one touched (and, in Miyazaki's view, poisoned) by human industry.
The Gothic style became an established alternative for building country houses, and pointed arches appeared in décor and furniture.
Another important ceremony took place in 1999 when Macau became <b>part</b> of China.
We are also studying the transformation of a blighted warehouse building into artists' live-work loft space, which could become a cultural and economic magnet for the area.
The Legal Aid Bureau has become a lead player in the justice community by building partnerships with other organizations, the courts and the mediaCoall critical components to make justice available to all in Maryland."
"Visionary" has even become a profession.
Many Chicanos, who may not have known the appellation pelado, nonetheless became familiar with the comic vagabond through Mexican films.
By 1674, when Louis XIV took formal control of the islands from the debt-ridden commercial administrators, Martinique had <b>become</b> France’s colonial capital in the Lesser Antilles.
There are many ways to become involved with the Indianapolis Zoo and White River Gardens.
Besides becoming gringo-like, a Chicano agringado may overtly reject Mexican American culture, the music, the values, and even the Spanish language, by pretending not to speak it.
The 45-minute, 48-km (30-mile) drive along winding coastal Highway 333 from Halifax southwest to Peggy’s Cove has become a photographer’s pilgrimage.
We are becoming an institution without walls!
Whether the Union forces could properly seize ships without congressional approval <b>became</b> one of the early legal controversies of the war.
Each is reached down long roads that become progressively more private-looking as the beach nears.
On his way to becoming an entrepreneur's entrepreneur, the Vietnam veteran suffered a number of setbacks and gained experience as a soldier, businessman, father, skier, and "Spiderman".
He became a bandit and robber after many wrongs were committed against him by Americans.
At least 6 stories high, they were reached through narrow alleys called “closes” or “wynds” that became the focus of city life.
Now more than ever girls need your support to help their dreams become a reality.
José Alfredo Jimenez wrote over 500 songs, many <b>becoming</b> classics that continue to be sung today by younger artists, that have a universal sentiment that speaks to the hearts of Chicanos.
The serpentine stone bulwark and elevated highway became Wanlichangcheng — “The Wall Ten Thousand Li Long” (about 6,000 km/3,700 miles).
THE GIRL SCOUT MISSION "To inspire girls with the highest ideals of character, conduct, patriotism, and service so that they may become happy and resourceful citizens."
The substitution of the Americans for the covenanted Jews—however sacrilegious the idea may sound—landed in the New World with the Puritans and became a standard item of Protestant theology.
Many of these same itineraries can be covered on two wheels as well as on two feet, and mountain biking and bike touring are becoming more popular.
Your past contribution provided a direct line of support for local programs that promote health and wellness, strengthen families, invest in our children, help people <b>become</b> self-sufficient, and serve the elderly and disabled.
The Summer Palace became her countryside version of the Forbidden City, her residence of choice even when the heat of summer diminished.
We appreciate your taking time to read about Futures for Children, I hope you are inspired to become a Sponsor and/or a Member.
From 1832 onwards, when governor-general Lord William Bentinck spent a happy summer here, it became the most prestigious hill-station.
Mirroring Abe's actions and seeing the results, he or she can become that much more confident, that much more able to face a difficult world and that much more willing to face personal responsibility.
She attended the Loretto Academy in Las Vegas and after graduating from high school became a teacher in a rural area six miles from her father’s ranch in La Liendre.
When Ieyasu became shogun in 1603, Edo in turn <b>became</b> the seat of national government — and its castle the largest in the world.
One of us will call you to discuss how your company can become an important highly visible partner with the JCC in support of our scholarship programs.
These buyers became the most important managers in wholesaler-jobber companies, foreshadowing the key status of the buyer in later retail organizations.
Cala Mondragó is practically undeveloped (by the standards of coastal Mallorca), and may stay that way by order of the regional government, which has become alarmed by the specter of unchecked building along the coast.
Or who helps Randy break a cycle of violence and become a better dad?
Sometimes she becomes visible to the wayward husband who is out late, drinking, and when he approaches her, she turns into an ugly horse-faced hag, scaring him into swearing abstinence forever.
The villa, with its classical portico to catch the summer breezes, was the Renaissance architect’s “visiting card” for scores of commissions, copied worldwide, especially on the cotton plantations of America’s Deep South, where elegant porch-living became an article of faith.
Take the first step toward making a difference in the lives of our young women and become a shareholder in the Girl Scout vision.
Several Tejano folk heroes, such as Gregorio Cortez, Juan Cortina, and Catarino Garza became memorialized because of their confrontations with the Texas Rangers.
It would not become reality for another 1,825 years.
Help People <b>Become</b> Self-Sufficient -- offer shelter for homeless families, disaster relief, employment & training, neighborhood support centers & specialized transportation;
The principles that should have inspired postbellum America became our Secret Constitution, remaining latent for decades before they would reappear to shape the contours of American law.
The Jesuits, founded in 1534, quickly became an army of theologians to combat heresy.
Indiana University's "peaks of excellence" are becoming more numerous and, at the same time, more vulnerable.
But the behavior of an agringado might involve the changing of one’s given name, so that Carlos becomes Charlie, Guillermo <b>becomes</b> Will, or Consuelo <b>becomes</b> Connie; or changing a surname, so that Rivera <b>becomes</b> Rivers or Puentes <b>becomes</b> Bridges.
After all, the very name “Hiroshima” has become a modern metaphor, the ultimate symbol of total obliteration.
The Friends operate at two levels -the Citywide Friends and the Branch Friends -and you can become active at either one or both levels.
Americans of the 1860s were essentially the same people who had tolerated the institution of slavery; their judges were of the same background and schooling as those who had declared in the Dred Scott decision that persons of African descent, whether born free or born in bondage, could never <b>become</b> citizens of the United States.
To alleviate the problem, the government has become the city’s major landlord with the construction of massive apartment blocks that, though they have every modern facility, average only 9 square m (100 square ft) in size.
The children and families who come to Pleasant Run are given the opportunity to become happy, loving, and productive members of our society.
This type of musical group has become a national symbol of Mexico and of most Mexicanos living in Greater Mexico.
Between the river and Dame Street, is the Temple Bar area, which has become famous for its nightlife andstreetlife.
This enables you to become a member of the foundation.
More, it begins to seem imperative to consider the specific possible pairs of quantum systems that can couple and decohere, for only thereby can such pairs become classical via decoherence.
Clive became governor and placed his own nawab on the throne, in exchange for £500,000 for himself and the Company.
Become a Society member today!
With the assassination in April 1865 of the man who had preached a new order of ideas, the United States became a country obsessed with <b>power</b>.
They appreciated the town’s loyalty to the crown, but the idea never occurred to anyone, let alone the two monarchs, that Madrid might one day become the capital.
When Urban became blind our son was very understanding of it, and at 24, he's adjusted very well to all that's happened.
And in another shift in the economy, it was found that lamb could be raised more cost-effectively on lowland farms — in part because of the richer, more nutritious grazing land available there — and as a result Lakeland farms <b>became</b> less profitable.
When a young, unmarried woman like Cecilia becomes pregnant, the risks to her unborn child are very serious.
The so-called Untouchables have greater opportunities now to rise on the social scale, a few of them becoming captains of industry or cabinet ministers, but it’s still their brethren who sweep the streets.
Later, after reviewing your free issue, you wish to become a permanent member, you may do so, simply by paying our bill.
If the tension on the top and bottom thread is too high, the seam puckers and the seam length becomes less than that of the cloth.
The peninsula opposite the east coast of Ap Lei Chau island contains Ocean Park (open daily 10am–6pm; admission HK$150 adults, HK$75 children), which has <b>become</b> one of Hong Kong’s biggest attractions.
We hope you had an opportunity to read about Robert and his time at the Club before the letter became lost in the numerous pieces of mail one receives over the holidays.
To many Chicanas Malinche has become a symbol for the socioeconomic and educational limitations of contemporary life.
Cycling has become extremely popular in the Lakes, even taking into account the fact that some of the roads in the National Park are incredibly steep.
Miyares, a life member of DAV Chapter 2 in San Diego, California, became blind in 1984 due to diabetes.
The latter is sometimes mentioned in legal opinions,18 but it never became the rationale for decision making in the courts.
The governor general in Ottawa became the symbolic representative of the Crown rather than of the British government.
Some of the strongest critics of our welfare system are the people who have <b>become</b> dependent on it.
It is generally seen as a triumph that the classical thermodynamic concepts of temperature, pressure, and entropy were reduced to statistical features of idealized sets of gas particles: temperature becoming the average kinetic energy of the particles, pressure the momentum <b>transferred</b> to the walls of the vessel, and entropy a measure of the number of microstates per macrostate.
Athens became the most powerful, heralding the start of the classical <b>Greek</b> period.
Consequently, the MHA Alumni Association has become the strongest alumni group in the SPEA family.
If any one of the several operators speeds up or slows down, the line becomes unbalanced.
Thereafter, the Legation Quarter exercised complete control over its own affairs, becoming its own foreign city within the city of Beijing.
There are many ways to become involved with the Indianapolis Zoo and White River Gardens.
In the new competitive arena—where demand uncertainty and time to market have become important factors along with price—textile firms are being forced to adapt to information-integrated channels, rather than just drawing on the economies of scale that led to their success in the past.
This ultimate subsurface experience is becoming very popular in France, as it has been for a number of years in the United States.
You'll meet our students who are studying to become tomorrow's professional artists.
The central question has become whether nominal consent to sexual relations constitutes actual consent, deep agreement in the heart.
A tiny, treeless rocky island regularly swept by summer winds has <b>become</b> one of the most popular vacation destinations in the Mediterranean.
Yet the overall picture is positive: The private schools are becoming more integrated while the suburbs are <b>becoming</b> more integrated, too.
Since that time the college has become known as D-Q University.
Both the Las Vegas Aerial Gunnery School (which became Nellis Air <b>Force</b> Base and the Nevada Test Site) in the north, and Basic Magnesium in the nearby town of Henderson, arrived in the early 1940s as a result of America’s war effort.
But in fact the money quickly disappeared, as speculators--certainly including the oligarchs themselves--converted rubles into dollars as fast as the dollars became available.
Accordingly, when Bourke became interested in Mexican customs and language, he approached them as the cultural remains of a higher Spanish-Arabic civilization.
Squash has become a popular racket game and facilities are widely available.
It has been postulated on clinical grounds that the anti-cancer effects of IL-2 are mediated through in vivo expansion and activation of cytotoxic lymphocytes [ 1] and/or promotion of their migration within target tissues [ 3], but it has become apparent that IL-2 at the doses used therapeutically has broader immune/pro-inflammatory effects [ 4, 5].
The LAT leads its story with the big picture: Hashimoto will become the third Asian leader in less than a year to be toppled from <b>power</b> by the region's economic crisis.
22 Despite these strict legislated standards—with wage levels updated from time to time—widespread violations in apparel workplaces have become commonplace in the 1990s.
Edinburgh became known as the “Athens of the North” for both its aesthetic beauty and its wealth of talented individuals.
Instead, it appeared that the initial activation of cellular competence triggered by the mitogenic lectins was amplified by the LAF activity, which became known later as IL-1, and led to the secretion of the lymphocyte-derived IL-2 and the expression of IL-2Rs [ 14 15 ] . The subsequent interaction of IL-2 with the IL-2Rs then stimulated blastic transformation and progression through G 1 and into the S phase of the cell cycle, followed by mitosis [ 16 ] . Furthermore, detailed studies indicated that successful activation of the IL-2R is a quantal (i.e.
Specter, for example, pushed for the House to drop its Flytrap inquiry but, once Clinton was impeached, became an adamant supporter of a trial.
Thus, by extending themselves out over history, Americans became a nation in the European sense, in the same sense as had already been realized in England and in France and was then making itself felt in the unification movements in Italy and Germany.
By the 1980s, thanks to the broad avenues and new subway s tops built for the games, this had become one of the liveliest, trendiest, and demographically youngest quarters of the city.
20 And, when the no-shift elasticities of the basic and workshared product are the same, the gains become even smaller and the peak <b>becomes</b> very pronounced.
It is now becoming clear in retrospect that the '70s and '80s were a sort of golden age for the academic star system.
The use of modern design tools and information technology can collapse the design time so that managerial decision-making becomes the longest step in the process—and even the time for that step can be shortened with information technology.
Pieter Holthuysen was a successful trader in glass and English coal (which goes to prove that you didn’t need to trade in exotic goods to become wealthy).
Taking the G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) as an example, after agonist action, GPCRs activate G proteins and become phosphorylated by G protein-coupled receptor kinases [ 23 ] . This event promotes activation of effector enzymes and ion channels by the activated Gα GTP.
We have become "programmed to expect these artificial thrills" (Anthony Lane, The New Yorker ). (Clips are available here.)
The descansos, erected alongside rural roads where someone has died, become works of art that convey spiritual sentiments.
It became Athens’ enemy when it sided with the Spartans during the devastating wars of the fourth century b.c. but the city recovered quickly from the defeat and had a second period of influence that began during the third century b.c. when Philip of Macedonia made it the capital of the Corinthian League.
ISA became progressively more severe, profoundly affecting all eyes by 23 months (Table 1, Figure 1).
What Ellison is doing here, as Hemingway did, is equating the process of becoming an artist with that of <b>becoming</b> a man.
Mathematically, the thresholds become “separatrices” in the chemical state spaces of the bacteria, on one side of which the lactose operon turns on and on the other side of which it does not.
In 1947 the first offshore rig was opened and the Mississippi valley became a hub of oil and gas production and storage.
Locker became a teacher, then later went to Harvard Law School.
It is extremely dangerous to addicts: Every trip to the store becomes a temptation.
However much one becomes convinced that killing is wrong, one needs a reason for that degree of conviction.
A US purchase of the island from Spain had long been on the agenda, even though Martí had warned of <b>becoming</b> a satellite of the United States (“I know the Monster, because I have lived in its lair,” he <b>wrote</b>).
This finding is consistent with data showing an abundance of both interchromosomal and intrachromosomal duplications in the human genome [ 41 ] . It is unclear how many of these duplications are due to errors in genome assembly and how many represent authentic segmental duplications; correctly assembling duplications as a genuine landscape features of the genome sequence is a formidable informatics challenge [ 41 ] . In the future, as better, more accurate, genome builds become available, particularly with regard to the presence of duplications and other rearrangements and the annotation of genes and their promoter regions <b>becomes</b> more thorough and correct, it will be important to repeat this study for the whole genome sequence.
Disclaimer: All submissions will become the property of
Many English and Spanish words that have become altered by the opposite language, through cultural contact, are called pochismos.
After years of neglect, when it served only the lake’s loading docks, railway depots, and factories, the waterfront has become a major attraction for Torontonians at play.
Of course, third parties might become intermediaries between these bulk mailers and cream skimmers.
This raised a troubling question: if enough people were alive to the real significance of the sign, and so left the “best route” alone, would not the sign <b>become</b> trustworthy again?
A biosphere becomes complex, the universe <b>becomes</b> complex.
Throughout the 19th century, the United States, keenly interested in the island’s strategic significance and its sugar market, had <b>become</b> increasingly involved in Cuban affairs.
No, they were wrong, and the Inquirer was right in its initial Norplant editorial, when it noted that women would be free to "change their minds at any point and become fertile again."
A specific cloud, like our biosphere, presumably becomes kinetically trapped into a very special set of complex molecular species that happen to have formed as the cloud evolves.
Acapulco became the playground for the rich and famous.
I would posit that Bill and Michael and Steve and Jerry have become the Madonnas of the current age of stock market mania and celebration of the entrepreneur.
The calavera has become the symbol of the downtrodden, who must laugh at life in order to survive it.
The house became a hotel, the Globe, in the mid-19th century but attracted notoriety again in the early 1860s when it <b>became</b> the office of a Confederate agent during the US Civil War.
Although considerable time will elapse before enough strain-specific sequence information becomes available through genome sequencing projects to identify such traits, microarrays provide us with a tool to gain insight into genome composition at present.
"But when he became impotent, it took his identity away."
Much of St. David’s subsequently became a small piece of the US on British soil.
A technology upgrade clause is one way to avoid obsolescence by allowing an agency to buy advanced versions of equipment or software when they become available.
"The British monarchy has become irrelevant to this generation of Australians," he said.
A history becomes a “world-line” in space-time.
They brought with them iron weapons and chariots and codes of custom and conduct that quickly became dominant in the country.
It is not until the normal values of sig_v and sig_f are increased by a factor of about 3 that differences become significant.
All the other critics in America--"[o]ur official arbiters of culture"--"have lost the gift of being able to comprehend a work of art that does not reflect their immediate experience; they have become afraid of genuine art."
29 The unions and their employers also became pioneers in establishing neutral umpires and arbitrators in the handling of labor-management disputes.
The first religious structures appeared at the end of the sixth century b.c., when the summit became a sanctuary and the town was founded on lower ground below.
Joints may become uncomfortable if they are not moved [ 77 ] . Continuous pressure on the same area of skin, particularly over bony prominences, will increase the risk of skin ischemia, and pain [ 78 ] . As the patient approaches death, provide adequate support and cushioning on the bed to lessen the need for uncomfortable turning.
The Guardian gave front-page treatment to Rupert Murdoch's announcement at a press conference Thursday in London--just six days after his marriage in New York to his third wife, Wendy Deng--that his global News Corp. is to become "an Internet company."
From the early 17th century it became the weigh house (the name Waaggebouw means “weigh house”) for cargoes entering or leaving the city down the Geldersekade Canal to its north.
Though such technologies are becoming available now, widespread deployment is still years away.
Suppose, for the sake of argument, that in 1950 it becomes foreseeable that Daimler-Benz will eventually make reparations.
The consequence can be that the Schrödinger wave function of the first quantum system becomes entangled in very complex ways with the other complex quantum system, which may be thought of as the environment.
From 1941 to 1944, all of Poland fell under Nazi occupation, and the country became the focus of Hitler’s campaign to exterminate all Jews and non-Aryans.
The noisy crusades that became historical footnotes would all be literary footnotes as well.
In the contemporary liberal culture, equality is one of those values that has become so deeply held that it is neither questioned nor justified.
Thus, the city that had held out against so many attacks by the infidel, became subjected to mindless pillaging by fellow Christians.
In order to speed the determination of brain death and potentially reduce costly ICU stays, beginning in January 1996 the brain flow scan became the primary method of confirming brain death in our trauma patient population.
The Post notes that Clinton and Gingrich have in the past lamented the tendency of Washington policy battles to become too personal, and this story is itself a perfect example of the problem.
The first is the “Copenhagen interpretation,” which speaks of the “measurement event,” when the quantum object interacts with a macroscopic classical object, the measuring device, and a single one of the propagating possibilities becomes actual in the measurement event, thereby “collapsing” the wave function.
They began as a small medicinal garden in 1682, but soon became the depository for many of the new plant species brought from Dutch colonies in the Golden Age and were responsible for developing each genus for cultivation, propagation and commercial exploitation.
However, engaging physicians and medical directors to become directly involved in quality improvement projects at their facilities is often a challenge.
Then his voice drops an octave or two, and he becomes more subdued.
Historically, all soldaderas became known as Adelitas.
Lanai: This pineapple plantation island has <b>become</b> a tiny hide­away with two splendid resorts and the remains of the historic company town, Lanai City (see page 80).
Frequent use of TURP for benign prostatic hyperplasia in the 1970s and 1980s and the rapid introduction and widespread adoption of PSA screening beginning in the late 1980s, tapped an extensive pool of latent and preclinical prostate disease [ 40 41 ] . Consistent with another study, we found that in the mid 1980s up to 50% or more of all prostate cancer cases were incidentally detected through TURPs [ 41 ] . However, as medications with few side effects became available to treat benign prostatic hypterplasia and PSA screening <b>became</b> widely adopted, TURP-detected cases declined from their peak in 1987 through 1993 [ 41 ] . Our results showed a similar decline in the TURP-detected prostate cancer incidence rates, followed by a leveling off between 1994 and 1999, for both LDS and nonLDS cases in Utah.
Communist partisans retook the province in 1944, and when the war ended, the partisan leader Josip Broz Tito became dictator of the reconstituted Yugoslav federation.
It is believed that la mollera has fallen when a baby becomes ill with ceaseless crying, fever, diarrhea, and possibly vomiting.
The above figure was given to me as my share and to conceal this kind of money became a problem for me, so with the help of a British contact working with the UN here (his office enjoys some immunity)I was able to get the package out to a safe location entirely out of trouble spot.
How would you like to quit your job, become your own boss, and build up enough residual income to support yourself for the rest of your life?
Each day that passes there are individuals who take advantage of their opportunity to become financially free, and there are those who are letting the opportunity pass right by them.
I am Mr.Godfred Nana, 30yrs of age; I became an orphan some couple of years ago.
What do you think is the main reason animals are becoming extinct?
We lived at No 215 West Wieuca Road Northeast Atlanta, Georgia USA and I attended the famous Frederick Douglass High School northwest Atlanta, Georgia USA, but when my mother fell sick and died June 2001, My father became weak every day and later he fall sick, I believe it was the shock of my mum's sudden death that deteriorated his health..
The reason I am telling you and revealing to you my family's secret because my late dad's burial is over and my Uncle is searching every where looking for bank documents that my father used in depositing all his money in the bank when his sickness became serious..
With each generation becoming savvier than the last, even new money making systems have become available to the average Joe's.
With each generation becoming savvier than the last, even new money making systems have become available to the average Joe's.
Recognizing that approximately half of the seventy-six million ‘boomers’ out there today are women became the main reason that two talented doctors dedicated their life’s work to providing the most advanced information for women who are approaching, or have already gone through, menopause.
In other words, it is packed with thirty years of proven success rather than a swing in trends that has become ‘the cure du jour!
After his release, Stockdale became the first three-star officer in the history of the Navy to wear both aviator wings and the Congressional Medal of Honor.
I'm getting depressed reading this, and I know that he gets out, reunites with his family and becomes a national hero.
My conversation with Stockdale had a profound influence on me, but I never really considered it a business lesson until my research team began to wrestle with the question of why some companies rise from difficulty to become great while others emerge from those exact same difficulties weakened and dispirited.
We found that companies that became great embraced a corporate version of the Stockdale Paradox.
Used wrongly, this recession will weaken your foundations and make it that much harder to become great.
Going in the other direction always bends facts to theories, & it always becomes distorted.
My mind-twistings became verbal, ringing coldly off the windows.
He punched me, then his whole body became dead weight.
It became soundless again, and Theo said, "Hey, I don't really want to stay in here.
It was weird how popular I’d become so quickly.
The intensity ratio of D1 over D2 increased about 75 fold to become 120.
p>Organizations that employ eProvisioning gain a competitive edge and access complete security by ensuring that people are kept productive from day one, and are prevented from becoming counterproductive beyond the day they leave.
He earned a physics degree from Columbia, became a Redskin, studied drama, worked in sports broadcasting, opened a Washington restaurant and built his own home here when he thought he might become a developer, "just so I could know how the business worked from the ground up," he said.
He earned a physics degree from Columbia, became a Redskin, studied drama, worked in sports broadcasting, opened a Washington restaurant and built his own home here when he thought he might become a developer, "just so I could know how the business worked from the ground up," he said.
Easterling said he would do whatever it took to become stable.
And when I become a technician, I will help the poor and needy by giving them affordable rates.
These revisions reflect two major developments: (1) our equity trading activities have been extended into the United Kingdom, and (2) in an effort to streamline the information flow process, the "Review Team" will play a more centralized role, so that the role of the "Resource Group" is no longer necessary.You are required to become familiar with, and to comply with, the Policies and Procedures.
If you have already certified compliance with the Policies and Procedures during the 2001 calendar year, you need not re-certify at this time, although you are still required to to review and become familiar with the revised Policies and Procedures.
We have become increasingly concerned about confidential information (dpr/position info, curves, validations/stress tests, etc) being passed to Arthur Andersen for audit purposes over the Web to their Arthur Andersen email addresses.
The reason the sentence is highlighted is not to deceive the viewer into believing that Heston hurried to Flint to immediately hold a rally there (as will become quite obvious), but simply to highlight the first mention of the name "Kayla Rolland" in the text, which is in this paragraph.
Guerrilla warfare has since become a part of Colombian life; multiple groups maintain an ongoing presence, often stationing themselves in the remote mountainous villages often populated by various indigenous peoples.
Politicians make a point of appearing in their native dress and speaking in their native language in assembly, even if they are more at home in a business suit and speaking Spanish; indigenous identity has become a calling card to the extent that at times it appears to be a caricature of itself.
Now, many more moderate Muslims have become radicalized, world-wide, willing to kill innocent civilians in order to achieve their purposes.
Only 50 million people lived in a country where Colorado had just become its 39th state.
Zionists also maintain that Jews became a lucrative market for Arab-manufactured goods.
Many Palestinians, however, stayed put, retained their land, and became Israeli citizens.
"Viability" has become the focus of the abortion debate.
The court accepted the conventional medical wisdom that a fetus becomes viable at the start of the last third of a pregnancy, the third trimester, sometime between the 24 th and 28 th week (a pregnancy usually lasts 38 weeks).
Doctors now believe a fetus can become viable during the 23 rd week--a week earlier than was thought 24 years ago.
Teaching Americans --particularly young people -- how to become better stewards of our environment is one of the best investments that you and I can make for wildlife.
May we become partners once again?
In other words, the piece, in becoming more regular, is beginning to drive towards the finish—because of the formal structure, the recapitulation of the first theme also serves as the closing section of the movement.
Tasha and I became lovers that evening, after a good dinner of paella at her apartment.
Tasha said she woke up one morning convinced that if she spent another day studying vegetables, she would become one.
"You wish to become pregnant?
You say we're becoming too insular, that we need to socialize --"
Her eyes became circles at the idea of being, as she undoubtedly thought it, immortalized by Emil Malaquez.
That is, a suspended-load channel (Pattern 12) could become braided (Pattern 5), or a braided channel (Pattern 5) could become meandering (Pattern 8 or 12), etc.
That is, a suspended-load channel (Pattern 12) could become braided (Pattern 5), or a braided channel (Pattern 5) could become meandering (Pattern 8 or 12), etc.
For example, some rivers that are meandering and that are near pattern thresholds become braided with only a small addition of bed load (Schumm, 1979).
For example, with increasing slope, a straight channel will become sinuous, a low sinuosity channel will become more sinuous, and a meandering channel will braid.
For example, with increasing slope, a straight channel will become sinuous, a low sinuosity channel will become more sinuous, and a meandering channel will braid.
People enact laws, which become part of the legal system which in turn influences further behaviour, leading people to enact new laws, and so on.
The environment becomes hostile.
Everyone knows that, upon leaving a company, they may well work together again in the future: ‘A colleague might become a customer or a competitor; today’s boss could be tomorrow’s subordinate’ (Saxenian, p. 29).
Having learned key skills and become indoctrinated into the industry culture, individuals enter a ‘navigating’ stage, furthering their reputation and developing the personal contacts that provide the resources to navigate from one project to another.
As they take charge, boundaries will form and re-form, and underlying order provide a macro-economic stability in an environment in which ‘organization man’ has become all but extinct.
So if we don’t act right now, Alaska’s snowy tundras will once again become bloody killing fields for wolves in America’s “Last Frontier.
With most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements, it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as additional requirements are promulgated.
Strategies and technologies for the control of SO2, NOx and mercury emissions exist now, and improved methods are expected to become available over the next several years.
ollars in risky mortgages had become embedded throughout the financial system, as mortgage-related securities were packaged, repackaged, and sold to investors around the world. When the bubb
 markets have become increasingly globalized. Technology ha
ial sector itself has become a much more dominant force in our economy. From 1978 t
he government permitted financial firms to pick their preferred regulators in what became a race to the weakest supervisor. Yet we do not
management became risk justification. Compensation s
These past few years, 'eminent domain' has become a libertarian property rights flashpoint, since the Kelo v New London, CT, case concerning urban renewal polemics.
For more information about the Guide Dog Foundation, or to become a Guide Dog Foundation volunteer, visit our website at www.guidedog.org.
Many springs lay in areas that would eventually become the center of the modern Las Vegas metropolis.
Surrounded by acres of farmland hewn from the hard desert, the adobe fort became a focal point for the development of Las Vegas for the next fifty years.
With rail service in place and forty blocks of private property, it was ready to become a real town.
They went to work on what has become one of the lengthiest citywide tourism campaigns ever attempted.
Both the Las Vegas Aerial Gunnery School (which became Nellis Air Force Base and the Nevada Test Site) in the north, and Basic Magnesium in the nearby town of Henderson, arrived in the early 1940s as a result of America’s war effort.
While many gambling halls opened Downtown in the 1930s and early 1940s, only two were built on the stretch of old Los Angeles Highway that ultimately became the Strip.
By 1945 Siegel had become one of Las Vegas’s original visionaries, planning an opulent resort on the southern end of the LA Highway.
What was once a sure thing became much more competitive.
He bought several Strip properties — the Silver Slipper and Castaways among them — and demolished them to make way for a new kind of resort — Mirage — which became an instant success.
He became known as one of the founding fathers of sexology, and furthered this position when he opened the world’s first sexological institute, the institute for Sexual Science in Berlin, in 1919, which was destroyed by the Nazis 15 years later.
By the mid 1900s, psychotherapy became the most common “cure,” and many homosexuals spent countless hours being analyzed in hopes of changing their sexual preference (Dudley 125).
As one grows older, they become aware of sexual feelings towards other persons.
Therefore, from the evolutionary standpoint, homosexuality becomes one of the disadvantageous traits.
You can be a lifesaving “friend” to all animals by telling friends and family about the important work of The HSUS and asking them to become vigilant in safe-guarding the lives of ALL animals.
To alleviate the problem, the government has become the city’s major landlord with the construction of massive apartment blocks that, though they have every modern facility, average only 9 square m (100 square ft) in size.
But this post isn't about how melancholy I become when I haven't heard from her by 3 p.m.
The De Landa seems to have become an unwitting theme of late.
The city is even more disturbing, though, because of the tendency of its sidewalks to transform into recessed brick ladders when the street becomes too steep for bipeds : That picture is not from the current set, as the relative quality attests, and if I remember correctly—by which I mean, "recognize the fingerprints of amateur photographers the world over who think a 'good' photograph is one framed in the most dull and predictable way possible"—snapped by me.
If you take an Chinese person, close his eyes and spin him around several times, does he become disoriented?
The grass eventually became overgrown.
To this end, please be advised about the following: First, I have noticed that whereas I personally attend to your telephone calls and letters, when I try to contact you I am confronted by the impersonal, ever-changing, pre-recorded, faceless entity which your bank has become.
Wired Then there was the Indian chief who installed electric lights in the tribal latrine, and thus became the first Indian to wire a head for a reservation.
The short fortuneteller who escaped from prison became a small medium at large.
The wife wandered off to look at something that had caught her eye, while the boy and his father became attracted to a shiny wall that kept opening and closing..
How many people have to end up as dinner for these dinosaurs before they become nuisances?
 respect to creative works like works of art, books and that sort of thing, it 20 patentee, that there was a bargain in effect between the inventor and the Government that at a certain period of time it would become part of the public domain. It 
is the judge of when it becomes unlimited? Is 
 is the way the State copyright laws were written when this country became a Nation. Thi
Now that networking reaches its real dimension of an international mesh, the problem of national languages usage becomes very real, at least locally, but more and more internationally.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
Two quintessential novellas, “The Lust of the White Serpant” from Ugetsu Monogatari by the Japanese author Ueda Akinari and “Eternal Prisoner under Thunder Peak Pagoda” a traditional Chinese story, are both relatively complex and demonstrate not only the evolution of the White Snake figure to become a more believable human, but also what aspects may have given her enduring appeal.
But over time, characterizations of her became more complex, and the persona of Madame White Snake became more sympathetic, and perhaps even a model of the ideal Confucian wife, particularly in “Pagoda”.
But over time, characterizations of her became more complex, and the persona of Madame White Snake became more sympathetic, and perhaps even a model of the ideal Confucian wife, particularly in “Pagoda”.
Her husband becomes a monk, and this further implicates Lady White Snake, this time from a Buddhist perspective.
“We interact with humans, take advantage of them, grant them boons, sometimes even become their friends, but the majority of both societies have little or no interaction.
The dark glow began to flicker, and Isis’ frown of concentration became one of worry.
Taste, hearing and touch became a single blur, and I do not know if my eyes were open.
Today you have the opportunity to join this successful cause by becoming a member of NWF for as little as $15 .
So, please take a moment right now and become a member of NWF with a gift of only $15 or more.
That may well be the best-known kitchen in America, since it became the site of the "French Chef" television programs, which started airing in 1962.
In the same vein, Gras is tweaking her salade nicoise, and Jeanminette is adapting her mousse au chocolat to become a spectacular six-layer pecan marjolaine.
For information about becoming a client of this service, contact the New York Times Syndicate sales representatives listed at the end of the text.)
They believe that if prescriptive authority becomes the norm, biomedical requirements will inevitably seep into the psychology curriculum, at the expense of traditional psychological science and methodology.
Almost overnight, Wendover became a high-security base filled with off-limit areas covered in barbed wire.
Most importantly, Youngstown’s steel mills were slowly becoming less efficient and more expensive.
It was becoming increasingly clear that without the industrial base provided by the mills, the city of Youngstown would soon become a ghost town, inhabited by those too poor or hopeful to escape.
It was becoming increasingly clear that without the industrial base provided by the mills, the city of Youngstown would soon become a ghost town, inhabited by those too poor or hopeful to escape.
People became excited and waited for the mills to reappear, but they never did.
However, it soon became clear that although the local union leaders were prepared to fight, the international branch was not.
The higher levels of the union became increasingly disassociated with Youngstown and its plight, attempting to shut out the appeals from workers and local union representatives and to ignore what was really happening.
Oftentimes this regionalism takes the form of bizarre forms of hatred, with certain towns becoming sworn enemies of others.
With so much regional tension, it became very hard for workers to unite under a common cause, even one that would save their jobs and their futures.
Workers from Poland Township would refuse to attend rallies with workers from Campbell, and citizens of Struthers would become suspicious of people from Boardman, even if they were supposed to be working towards the same thing.
A lack of cooperation became a crippling problem for the movement, because no one was willing to put aside regional differences to work together.
Scene: CANNIBAL ISLAND: Jack [the two cannibal women throw numerous fruits at Jack while the pole is still on his back] [several of the fruits become impaled along the pole, making Jack look like he's part of a shish-ka-bob] CANNIBAL BOY: Da litozo!

The Postal Service complied with this requirement early in 1973, and a Domestic Mail Classification Schedule recommended by the Commission became effective on July 6, 1976.
The fourth set specifies conditions under which the Service may use multi-year test periods to demonstrate that a proposed new service will become compensatory over time.
Culture medium (DMEM with 5% fetal bovine serum [FBS] and penicillin/streptomycin) was replaced three times per week and fibroblasts were passed (1:2 split) at the time they became confluent.
TXA 2 production tended to be greater in IPF than in normal fibroblasts at baseline; when stimulated with IL-1β this difference became statistically significant.
"You choose to write rather than become a fisherman or a carpenter, though you face such difficulty.
just setting up my twttr tm help Wondering if I should quit work and become a monk who secretly writes serial murder thriller novels.
This is the first step to becoming a glamorous American lady.

Peter Cundall: spring bulbs http://bit.ly/Z67 Isiah goes back to school: \ Former Knicks coach Isiah Thomas has agreed to become the next head coach at l..
after all those years of making fun of my friends am i ready to become a fentonite?
How to Become &#39;Their Brand&#39;: Engaging Today&#39;s Fickle Customers ...
How can you make a small house become beautiful an clean?
Just imagine, that your love wand suddenly becomes longer and thicker and makes women tremble with ardor!
Instead of watching TV constantly and eating anything close at hand I became rather more interested in doing exercise.
Happily, now no major offering is demanded.With Anatrim, the ground-breaking pound-melting blend, you can achieve healthier mode of life and become really thinner.
So, I can tell you now I became the happiest person!"
The results I achieved were magnficent, my appetite came to acceptable level, I was in a good mood oftener, and, certainly, I became able to tighten my belt on some holes.
And you see me, the bed became cool also!"
Tired of viewing hot films and tossing off, because you cannot find a lady, who would be satisfied with your average-sized dik?
Slowly but surely, the circle grew and Andrew's backyard parties became weekly workshops.
That means soil left for two months without fresh compost will become -- you guessed it -- sand.
Surely Ninjas were done with horrible movies like American Ninja (1985) or with comedies starring Chris Farley ( Beverly Hills Ninja , 1997), and yet Ninja has become a replacement word for 'expert' to the point where it's almost accepted parlance: A twellow search for 'ninja' turned up more than 7,000 Twitter accounts using the term in their profiles.
I don't know about Pirate Zombies v. Ninja Vampires, but there is a game where you can play to become Zombies, Ninjas, Pirates, and Mad Scientists.
The clubs and bars of Wan Chai, long the center of seedy nightlife, have become almost respectable.
Japanese karaoke bars have now become extremely popular with the locals.
There are still bars and clubs here, but the area has become almost mainstream, and office towers are replacing many of the sinful old premises.
Up Tai Hang Road behind Causeway Bay is Aw Boon Haw (Tiger Balm) Gardens (open daily 9:30am–4pm), founded in 1935 by the late Aw Boon Haw, who became a millionaire by producing the medicinal Tiger Balm.
The peninsula opposite the east coast of Ap Lei Chau island contains Ocean Park (open daily 10am–6pm; admission HK$150 adults, HK$75 children), which has become one of Hong Kong’s biggest attractions.
Cheung Chau becomes the center of Hong Kong life once a year, usually in May, during the Bun Festival, a folklore extravaganza (see page 89).
China began to relax trade restrictions, and with the rise of Hong Kong, Macau became an isolated Portuguese outpost.
Macau, now the Chinese Special Economic Zone of Zhuhai, is becoming something like a boomtown as an exporter of toys, furniture, and electronics.
Another important ceremony took place in 1999 when Macau became part of China.
It is even becoming something of a commuter town — owning or renting an apartment here costs a fraction of what it would in Hong Kong.
But I also hope you will help us keep alive the promise behind these labels and become the newest member of National Wildlife Federation today.
Peter Holland, 45, deputy general manager, becomes director of corporate affairs.
And Patrick Mannix, 46, international technical manager, becomes director of group quality programs.
Under an accord signed yesterday, the government and Union Bank of Finland would become major shareholders in the new company, each injecting 100 million Finnish markkaa ($23.5 million).
In fact, I want to urge you to strengthen your dedication to saving life on Earth — by sending a generous leadership gift of $750 and becoming a member of World Wildlife Funds prestigious Living Planet Society.
Also on record as saying at some point in time I hope our European friends become the peacekeepers in Bosnia and in the Balkans.
When I was in the senate before I became vice president I was pushing for stronger action against Milosevic.
He was the last communist party boss there and then he became a dictator that by some other label he was still essentially a communist dictator.
We have had some luck with Nigeria, but in Sierra Leon, and now that Nigeria has become a democracy, and we hope it stays that way, then maybe we can build on that.
The lesson was that in the aftermath of World War I, we kind of turned our backs and left them to their own devices and they brewed up a lot of trouble that quickly became World War II.
Where are there U.S. military that you would bring home if you become president?
And as we become a diverse society, we're going to have to deal with it more and more.
What -- if you become president, Governor, are there other areas, racial problem areas, that you would deal with as president involving discrimination?
It becomes a tool, a corrective tool.
Houston has just become the smoggiest city in the country.
There are plenty of people standing in line to become a citizen.
If they want to become a citizen, they can stand in line, too.
If you became president, Senator Kerry, what would you do about this situation of holding National Guard and Reservists for these extended periods of time and these repeated call-ups that they're now facing?
I think it's fair to say we've become pretty polarized, perhaps because of the political season.
all of this becomes irrelevant.
Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent.
Some of the strongest critics of our welfare system are the people who have <b>become</b> dependent on it.
They welcome the chance to belong, to become self- sufficient, to regain their self-esteem and confidence.
As you begin that process this year, I would like to ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more positive youth development by <b>becoming</b> a supporter of the Marion County Commission on Youth, Inc.
Them have a much greater likelihood of becoming productive and contributing members of adult society.
Because you are an organization that cares, you are invited to become an integral <b>part</b> of this fabulous event by <b>becoming</b> a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99.
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow, helping youth become strong, independent adults of tomorrow.
I have become more open-minded, more responsible, and, most importantly, I have gained a lot more self-confidence.
In any case, there certainly is no lack of information available about the moguls of technology now as they all become our current pop icons.
Now the dissembler and enabler has become the scholar and ABC News analyst.
33This group usually included Vice President Cheney, Secretary of State Powell, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, General Hugh Shelton, Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs (later to become chairman) General Myers, DCI Tenet, Attorney General Ashcroft, and FBI Director Robert Mueller.
With these initial victories won by the middle of 2002, the global conflict against Islamist terrorism became a different kind of struggle.
The site of the Temple eventually became identified as Mt.
But the Roman Empire became Christian in the fourth century, and Jerusalem <b>became</b> a center of religion once again.
The morality of not killing becomes an aspiration, a challenge for <b>people</b> to realize in their struggle with imperfection.
However much one becomes convinced that killing is wrong, one needs a reason for that degree of conviction.
I'd like to tell you about how I got into becoming a teacher's assistant.
and wanting to uh you know to try and get me to join or you know become interested in their religion because i have my own
We handled a matter in chambers that you'll become aware of in an effort to resolve a problem, and I think we did.
And so the ACLU contacted you, and you agreed to become a plaintiff in this case?
So in 2004, prior to this -- prior to you becoming a plaintiff, you never attended a board meeting in that year?
You never looked at the book Of Pandas and People before you <b>became</b> a plaintiff in this lawsuit, did you?
But there were comments from Bill Buckingham about brainwashing, and I remember hearing that, the whole thing about brainwashing, because it dealt with going to college and getting this education and students who go to college become brainwashed.
"In partnership with family and community to educate students, we emphasize sound, basic skills and nurture the diverse needs of our students as they strive to become lifelong learners and contributing members of our global society.
Earlier in this century, pansy became a derogatory epithet to describe an effete male, thereby cheapening forever lines like Shelley's noble image in Adonais (verse XXXIII):
Webster's Third New International Dictionary lists about 500 Yiddish words that have become <b>part</b> of our everyday conversations, including:
Earlier, on page 49, we learnt about Agnodice, “who lived to become the world's first known woman gynaecologist,” in the fourth century BC.
..[were] approaching the water obstacle during the cross-country section of the Harrods International Grand Prix when the leading pair became confused, turned back and <b>became</b> entangled with the second pair.
Many African Americans wore an extravagant style of clothing, the baggy pegged pants and jackets with padded shoulders, that later became known as the zoot suit.
The creation of Zozobra was introduced into the fiesta in 1926 by Will Shuster, who felt that the fiesta had become “dull and commercialized.”
This 3' sequence becomes transduced, along with the L1 sequence, to a new genomic locus; a hypothesized cause of the imprecision of the 3' end of the L1 transcript is the weak polyadenylation signal in the L1 element [ 28 ] . Clear indications of 3' transduction have been documented in cases where an L1 inserted into the dystrophin gene [ 29 ] , APC [ 30 ] and CYBB [ 31 ] . All these disease-producing L1 insertions, the boundaries of which were defined by flanking TSDs, contained novel sequences downstream of the L1 sequence itself.
Given the irresponsibility you describe, not to mention the sleep disturbance, prudence (the virtue, not yours truly) demands that you either rustle up another roomie--preferably a young woman who is planning to become a nun--or take your chances being assigned a stranger.
Clinical improvement became apparent about three weeks after therapy.
Rall says that Spiegelman, after winning a special Pulitzer in 1992 for his graphic novel Maus , became the de facto spokesman for the sprawling world of "underground comix" and gained the kind of mainstream fame and acceptance most cartoonists only dream of.
The observed antitumor activity of this sE dietary supplementation was an unexpected experimental result as sE was not previously reported to have antitumor activity although vitamin E may give modest protection against the risk of breast cancer [ 5 ] . Based on the observed antitumor activity of high dose sE in the diet, it became important to investigate if the sE supplement, when fed at such a high dose, was associated with the modification of the fatty acid composition of mitochondrial and microsomal membranes and if the sE was acting as an antioxidant or possibly a prooxidant in tumor and in host tissues.
Turn your blue to white: Become a born-again virgin.
Thus Billingsgate became so notorious that in 1652 it <b>became</b> a common word in English.
From the 1970s onward, religion had become an increasingly powerful <b>force</b> in Pakistani politics.
The compositions become ever more undulating and graceful.
Discussion of this memorandum brought to the surface an unease about paramilitary covert action that had become ingrained, at least among some CIA senior managers.
And I was becoming quite comfortable with the whole German atmosphere, really--right up until the Lufthansa flight attendant showed me how to place the mask securely over my nose and mouth and breathe deeply.
However, we have previously noted that the Tag increased in Tag-transformed NIH 3T3 cells as the population became more dense and the cell cycle time increased during exponential growth [ 11 ] . For some cell types, like fibroblasts and lymphocytes, G 0 cells have less cell mass than cycling cells, and one might expect that Tag expression would decrease as the G 1 phase of the cycle lengthened and cells achieved confluence.
Gambling has become a widespread pastime for the simple and unassailable reason that it adds to the sum of human happiness.
Following this precedent, these long-term evolving E. coli populations should have become streamlined glucose scavengers and evolved a substantially reduced niche.
McCourt "seems less in control in this book and at times is powerless to keep himself from becoming the stage Irishman, crying in his beer, milking sentiment until it <b>becomes</b> false" (Peter Collier, the Los Angeles Times ). (Click here to read the first chapter.)
This application of informatics data will certainly grow in importance as acquisition of additional single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) data becomes increasingly common and new paralogs and orthologs are added to the sequence database.
The main French newspapers focused on the enforced Arabization of Algeria, where, on Sunday, classical Arabic became the sole official language of the country, with the use of Algerian Arabic, Berber Arabic, and French being prohibited.
Re shopping: Let the record show that I bought nothing at the outlet malls, while Mr. Why-Are-We-Stopping-Here became slightly unhinged in the Le Creuset emporium, acquiring several heavy cast-iron pots, which now burden our already over-burdened car (see below).
On a broader level, conferees agreed that we must work to ensure that both individual state justice communities and the broader national counterpart becomes more diverse, inclusive and multiculturally competent.
In recent years, one of my favorite newspaper columnists has become less and less interesting.
For reasons that need not detain us here, some years ago I happened to be visiting the translation section of a large publishing company in darkest Hertfordshire, England, and I became involved in conversation with one of the employees, a charming young French translator.
Eilene McIlvane, who was not a lawyer, became its executive director in 1981.
, Plato's Republic and Aristophanes' The Birds ). However, it is Sir Thomas More's speculative work of political science and sociology-- Utopia (from the Greek ou - `not' + topos -`place')--which <b>became</b>, generically, the impossibly perfect place.
Based on the phenotype of knockout mice, it has become clear that TRAF6 is the critical adapter molecule required for RANK signaling during osteoclastogenesis [ 35 ] . The importance of TRAF6 has been further explored in deletion studies, which correlated its various domains with its osteoclastogenic potential [ 46 ] . A link between IFN-γ and RANK signaling via TRAF6 has also been demonstrated in bone marrow cultures, in which IFN-γ was shown to accelerate the degradation of TRAF6 [ 38 ] . In our studies, however, we failed to observe this TRAF6 degradation, as its expression remained constant in both short-term and long-term cultures under conditions where IFN-γ completely inhibited osteoclastogenesis.
In an odd way, the more similar products become, the more telling the little differences among them end up being.
A detailed investigation produced a list of new procedures that would become customary for <b>forces</b> deployed abroad.
And since the longer a resident trains, the larger the total subsidy, the system has also encouraged doctors to extend their educations and become specialists rather than lower-paid general practitioners.
Part caretaker, <b>part</b> squatter, Mr. Davol has developed a green thumb with office plants and has <b>become</b> accustomed to working in front of pictures of other <b>people</b>'s loved ones.
"What might have been a one-trauma-after-another chronicle of loss and divorce," says Walter Kirn in the New York Times Book Review , "becomes instead a hard and shining artifact of personal and social upheaval."
Yet, as more genomes become available, we cannot hope to provide a high level of manual examination and correction to describe the genes present on these genomes precisely.
But nerdiness became well defined only after the birth of its opposite--coolness--during the prosperous postwar era, as the middle class expanded to include vast new segments of the population.
Go back and reread the Ms. of the 1970s, and you rediscover how psychological how-to-ism for women at home became consciousness-raising for women newly out in the world.
Devaluation and partial default, explains the Journal , means the overall amount of debt is reduced and terms for repaying it become easier.
The experiences of these governments-and those of the federal GPRA pilots-demonstrate that each federal agency will need to chart its own course in response to its specific environment as it seeks to implement GPRA and become more results-oriented.
Some of them became leaders in the effort to maintain affirmative action in California.
James Jesus Angleton, who headed counterintelligence in the CIA until the early 1970s, became obsessed with the belief that the Agency harbored one or more Soviet "moles."
Our powerful, multipurpose computers will continue to become even more powerful, but as they acquire new skills--like voice recognition--their appeal will be limited by their price.
As the CAM literature grows, dissemination and knowledge of the controlled vocabulary will become even more important.
If only this had been understood before, we could all have become conservatives much sooner.
Disclaimer: All submissions will become the property of Slate and will be published at Slate 's discretion.
Since CPT analogues become one of the most promising new classes of antineoplastic agents introduced into the clinic in recent years [ 19 ] , activity of camptothecin on endothelial cells may be of great interest.
It was not plugged as a cold remedy, however, until 1979, when a Texas city planner, George Eby, became convinced that megadoses of zinc improved his 3-year-old leukemic daughter's response to chemotherapy and protected her from colds during treatment.
This has become very clear to me when <b>written</b> the “Word Histories” column in the Atlantic over the last three years.
If the assistance of the LSCfunded program were not available in these co-counseled cases, it is very unlikely that the private attorney would agree to become involved in the case.
Memorable eponymous terms require memorable nominal roots and, in the English-speaking world, people's names are <b>becoming</b> more diverse and interesting as more cultures are demographically and linguistically annexed.
In 1946 he became the chair of the Department of Modern Languages and Literature at the University of Denver, and he stayed there until he retired in 1974.
In 1938 it became the Museum of Modern Art, and today it displays a permanent range of work by celebrated artists and numerous temporary exhibitions which reflect the cutting edge in visual art genres such as photography and video.
The ability to keep learning, to keep discovering, and to keep inventing becomes even more important if we are to compete in tomorrow's world.
Finally, with its high postwar investment levels, Japan's production processes became more capital intensive compared to most other advanced nations.
Corporations have tended either to smoosh names together--thus Lockheed and Martin Marietta became Lockheed Martin, McDonnell and Douglas Aircraft <b>became</b> McDonnell Douglas, Northrop and Grumman <b>became</b> ...
My husband became very ill with cancer and I had to make a decision as to whether I would continue my education or take care of him and I felt like I needed to take care of him because he stood by me so much while I was going to school.
Even without such obvious errors, forecasting demand at the SKU level has become difficult, as an ever wider array of products cycle through stores.
Many Indians remained and established small farms in the FWI, their descendants becoming an important and colorful segment of the population (see box, page 42).
That vision has become a reality.
They believe that additional efforts to develop precisely quantified risks are not cost-effective because (1) such estimates take an inordinate amount of time and effort to identify and verify or develop, (2) the risk documentation becomes too voluminous to be of practical use, and (3) specific loss estimates are generally not needed to determine if a control is needed.
He became flustered, said goodbye, and hung up.
It was here that he wrote what was to <b>become</b> the final book of the New Testament, the Book of Revelation.
I am hopeful that you as an individual and Meridian Insurance as a corporation might consider becoming sustaining supporters of MCCOY.
Meeting three to four times a week, the group became something of a "sect" whose members, according to one participant in the meetings, tended to deal only with each other.
Considering the political climate the world over and the political individuals who make certain that into each life a little rain must fall, it would behoove all of us to become familiar with the quotations in this book, most of which seem apt at the moment:
The word became more nationally known in 1959 with the publication of the novel Pocho by Jose Antonio Villarreal, which depicted the coming-of-age of a Chicano growing up in the Santa Clara Valley of California during the 1940s.
Later, under Ottoman rule, the bell tower became a minaret and the church was converted into a mosque.
Discovering that they shared an affection for music and entertaining, they got together and dreamed of becoming like their idols - The Four Aces, The Four Lads, The Four Freshmen, The Hi-Lo's and The Crew Cuts.
From 1998 through 2000, the federal government achieved surpluses, shifting from being a drain on net national saving to become a contributor to it.
The Times says that without Levy, Netanyahu is likely to grow more dependent on right-wing parties, and thus to become more resistant to pro-Palestinian concessions.
One theory is that when flour tortillas became available in northern Mexico, tacos de frijoles, or bean burritos, were easy to carry in the saddle-bags of the vaqueros (cowboys), so for this reason they came to be called burritos as though they were the sidekicks of the vaquero’s horse.
Traditional Music and Dance: Greece has a rich legacy of folk dance and music, though genuine performances are becoming more difficult to find, particularly in the capital.
The sergeant became a private, a private citizen fighting a new war against diabetes.
Chromosome territories are re-established after cell division, and once the cell is arrested in a long interphase, chromosome movement becomes restricted again [ 8].
The findings became famous when they landed on the cover of … Newsweek .
Subsequently, Sevilla became the capital of the Visigothic kingdom and then of a Moorish taifa, before falling to King Ferdinand III in 1248.
The better our law school becomes directly increases the valuation of our degrees.
As a result, agencies have become enormously dependent on these systems and data to support their operations.
But as the Newt peril fades, Democratic differences are becoming clearer.
The bracero experience has been written about in novels and depicted in numerous movies, and although the image presented is often a negative one, like other Chicano folk heroes the bracero has <b>become</b> an archetype of the culture.
The problem became an outright disaster on Christmas Day in 1953.
Or who helps David learn important job skills that will enable him to become self-sufficient?
The neck-tail region of Myo1c thus appears to adopt a compact structure at 4°C, becoming more extended at 25°C.
If the process of slaughter becomes a savage yahoo spectacle, then we are indeed barbaric.
As they have become better trained, better educated, with high-tech equipment and higher salaries, they are looked upon as the elite law enforcement of Texas.
In 1919 the conflict resulted in a partial victory for Ireland, and in 1921 the Partition Act enabled the six counties of Northern Ireland to remain in the union with Britain, while the remaining 26 became independent.
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow, helping youth become strong, independent adults of tomorrow.
In Kentucky, as in much of the rest of the nation, abuse victims have increasingly turned to the courts as protective orders have become more accepted, said Billie Lee Dunford- Jackson, assistant director of family violence law and policy for the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges.
He left to become, of course, a politician--Culture Minister in the shadow Cabinet of Gerhard Schroeder, who's a good bet to defeat German chancellor Helmut Kohl this fall.
But the behavior of an agringado might involve the changing of one’s given name, so that Carlos becomes Charlie, Guillermo <b>becomes</b> Will, or Consuelo <b>becomes</b> Connie; or changing a surname, so that Rivera <b>becomes</b> Rivers or Puentes <b>becomes</b> Bridges.
Among the historic houses on rue du Marché-Champlain, Maison Chevalier (1752) has become a museum of old Québécois furniture and domestic utensils.
With your contribution to the Library, you will become a member of the Citywide Friends.
' [ 1 ] Although there has always been some controversy about its validity [ 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ] , meta-analysis has become increasingly popular as the number of studies with similar protocols has grown.
So of course he became a hired gun: He needed to pay his debts.
As we’ve already noted, international sourcing has become increasingly prevalent.
Jet skis have become increasingly popular and can be rented in the above towns as well as in Malibu.
When your gift helps an outstanding student become an outstanding teacher, you will know that you, too, have touched the future.
As has been observed in other models of obesity due to a high-fat diet, the diet-induced obese mice also became hypophagic compared to the chow fed mice and compared to the hyperphagia exhibited by mice in the first two weeks on a high fat diet [ 28 ] (Fig.
But I have recently become a parent and wonder how I should react to this type of situation if I were with an inquisitive child.
But for basic and fashion basic apparel products, for which frequent replenishment orders are becoming the norm, the practice of sourcing some of the assembly and sewing operations from nearby lower wage regions and countries is emerging.
The teeming millions living in Calcutta and Mumbai have become legendary.
When you accept membership in the Inner Circle, you will become an integral <b>part</b> in what is fast-proving to be an historical election year.
And Bin Ladin's security precautions and defenses became more elaborate and formidable.
Disclaimer: All submissions will become the property of 
While attempting to cross the Sierra Nevada, George Donner’s wagon train became snowed in, and from November until February was stuck high in the mountains north of Lake Tahoe, at a point now known as the Donner Pass.
Please send a gift of $50 or $100 today and become a partner of the IRT.
Early in the bombing, Sharon warned that an independent Kosovo could become the heart of a "Greater Albania" that would be a staging ground for Muslim terrorism.
Only certain features of a given nonequilibrium system, if measured, will result in detection of sources of energy that might become coupled to specific other processes that, by doing work, propagate macroscopic changes in the universe.
The “New Town,” which was planned by architect James Craig and embellished by Robert Adam, became one of the most beautiful Georgian cities of the world.
By accepting your nomination and joining with us, you not only become a member of the most prestigious wing of the GOP, you also help finance the races of our field of candidates.
--Allowances under this subsection shall be allocated onlywith respect to kilowatt hours of electric energy saved by qualified energy conservation measures or generated by qualified renewable energy after January 1, 1992 and before the earlier of (i) December 31, 2000, or (ii) the date on which any electric utility steam generating unit owned or operated by the electric utility to which the allowances are allocated becomes subject to this subpart (including those sources that elect to <b>become</b>
If it's drug abuse to take a pill simply to look virile, the piece wonders, why isn't it illegal to take one to become virile?
It has become a Bay Area Christmas tradition to make the two-hour journey to the small mission town to experience the miracle of Guadalupe, although all Mexican American churches throughout the United States organize elaborate church ceremonies for December 12, the day of her appearance, so there are literally hundreds of celebrations one can choose from to commemorate the day.
With its emphasis on nature, intuition, the individual, paradox (“the knowledge which is not knowledge”), and the cosmic flow known as “the Way,” Daoism became the religion of artists and philosophers.
If these special children are to become the adults we all need them to be, we have to lead them in the right direction right now.
Culture medium (DMEM with 5% fetal bovine serum [FBS] and penicillin/streptomycin) was replaced three times per week and fibroblasts were passed (1:2 split) at the time they became confluent.
In America anything that can happen, does: Strangers kidnap children; mathematicians become terrorists; executives find themselves flipping hamburgers.
Preferentially, those comeasuring pairs of quantum systems that decohere and become classical will tend to accumulate, due to the irreversibility of classicity.
In 1568 Sebastian became king of Portugal at age 14.
Forty years ago one student, Betty Groh Tower, entered the Medical Record Administration Program to become our first graduate.
In all instances, however, each fraction contained both large, round cells and fibroblast-like cells and their numbers become more equal with time (usually by day 13).
The March issue of Essence magazine invites readers to visit a "community activist" Web site about Social Security and become involved "to ensure that we get our fair share."
A more compassionate approach to victims’ rights became evident in the famous O. J. Simpson case, which held the country’s rapt attention for more than a year in 1996 and 1997.
The route becomes less steep once you reach the rest point at the chapel of Ágios Nikólaos, 4 km (2 1⁄2 miles) in, where there is a picnic area.
The BA becomes a BAJ next year.
By February 12 Bin Ladin had apparently moved on, and the immediate strike plans became moot.
Or, if you prefer, sexual McCarthyism: the madness that prevails when private mistakes become daily fodder for public titillation, and are then used as political weapons to club the poor sinning bastards to death.
Sixteenth-century mapmakers back in Spain mistakenly confused the names, so that in the end the port became San Juan and the whole <b>island</b> was called a “rich port”; once on the maps, the names stuck.
These are artists who are either emerging as leaders in their fields or who have already become well known.
Previous work indicates that wild-type Arabidopsis seedlings become resistant to the inhibitory effects of high concentrations (0.
Columbia/HCA , the country's biggest medical provider, is becoming the poster boy of corporate health-care greed.
My DNA, my biography, my talents, are certainly not the same as yours, but these differences become superficial in light of the deeper equivalence of moral value.
Like the Japanese, Chinese, and Portuguese before them, many of the new peoples would stay on in Hawaii, adding to the ethnic and racial mix that has <b>become</b> a hallmark of the <b>islands</b>.
Several School of Dentistry faculty and staff members have recently asked how they can become members of the Century Club.
Among women, black/white differences in BMI levels become apparent after age 12 y [ 27 ] , suggesting that adolescence may be a critical period [ 28 29 ] for the development of obesity.
He likened his speech to the 1947 NAACP gathering at which Harry Truman became the first president to address a black civil-rights group.
Although she is the preeminent representation of womanhood, she has become an icon for women’s subjugation and oppression.
By day it becomes a continuous market, with some unusually chatty, cheerful shopkeepers.
.By transforming the environment for learning; school lessons become opportunities of discovery when performed live on stage.
Khallad claims to have been closest with Saeed al Ghamdi, whom he convinced to become a martyr and whom he asked to recruit a friend, Ahmed al Ghamdi, to the same cause.
In the biggest Hollywood movies, screen actors have become tiny figurines--droids, almost--manipulated in front of colossal computer-generated spaceships, fireballs, tornadoes, and volcanic eruptions.
Sam Walton started small in the 1970s, but Wal-Mart rapidly became the largest retailer in the United States, with total sales in fiscal year 1995 equaling the combined sales volumes of Kmart, Sears Roebuck and Co., and the supermarket chain The Kroger Co., the next three largest American retail organizations.
Rembrandt created two canvasses for the Guild of Surgeons, which have become two of his most famous paintings.
On the chance that my guess is right, I am writing to you today to invite you to <b>become</b> a member of LOGOS-the League Of Greek Orthodox Stewards.
This suggests that solutes such as methoxyflurane or toluene are right on the boundary of where this artifact becomes important.
Even as analysts have become more able to move stock prices, their more corporate-congenial language has probably diminished the long-range impact of their recommendations--with so many "outperforms" and "accumulates" out there, it's hard to know which ones to take seriously.
The vacuum tables have also become “smart.”
The magnificent Chinese Collection presents the objects and ornaments of some 3,500 years of civilization, stretching from the Bronze Age Shang Dynasty to the extinction of the Manchu Dynasty in 1912, when China became a republic.
When you are contacted by your Campus Campaign volunteer, we hope you'll choose to become one of the many partners in the community of IUPUI.
Even with the benefit of hindsight, Jarrah hardly seems a likely candidate for becoming an Islamic extremist.
The split seemed to come in 1969, when Julian Bond was elected to the Georgia state Legislature and became the darling of the American left's radical chic set.
In this way pachuquesmo, a Mexican subculture, became known throughout the Southwest.
Though the Valley of the Kings has become popularly known, it is not the only ancient attraction on the west bank of the Nile.
The National Board of Visitors cordially invites you to become a Charter Associate of The Center on Philanthropy
--and the footnote became a marker of legitimacy.
He inherited the title of Holy Roman Emperor and became Charles V, with duties throughout Europe that gave him little time for Spain.
We hope you will become a partner of Indy Reads as we work to improve our community through literacy.
Bill Gates, no matter how big that company has become, still hangs over it like a living icon.
The word piciligue, which comes from the Aztec, has the meaning of “to become small that which was thick or large.”
Its very name became a verb in English: “to shanghai” meant to abduct by trickery or <b>force</b>.
I'd like to take this opportunity to invite you to become a member of AAKP.
Note: Safety and Sports have been dropped from the list of merit badges required to become an Eagle Scout.
A biosphere becomes complex, the universe <b>becomes</b> complex.
It soon became the focus for state occasions, such as the return of the ex-emperor’s own remains from St. Helena in 1840 and the funeral of Victor Hugo in 1885.
Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent.
In addition, command and control was complicated by senior Port Authority Police officials becoming directly involved in frontline rescue operations.
If abortion is not wrong--irrespective of the circumstances--then the issue becomes a tradeoff among unpleasant alternatives.
The Postal Service complied with this requirement early in 1973, and a Domestic Mail Classification Schedule recommended by the Commission became effective on July 6, 1976.
Getting into the dictionary itself, one becomes aware that something is a foot, for there are not as many headwords as one might expect to find in other books of this size.
As long as one of the genomes included in the analyses is properly annotated, only those identified ORFs that are actually homologous to an identified ORF will become <b>part</b> of a quartet of orthologs.)
"Sound becomes so critical," Zirinsky says.
GAO will continue to play a professional, objective, nonpartisan and constructive role in assisting the Congress, regulators, and the accounting profession as initiatives are proposed, agreed upon, and become operational.
Corporations have tended either to smoosh names together--thus Lockheed and Martin Marietta became Lockheed Martin, McDonnell and Douglas Aircraft <b>became</b> McDonnell Douglas, Northrop and Grumman <b>became</b> ...
He would in fact become Bin Ladin's deputy some years later, when they merged their organizations.
The Indian Express said that "a nation of one billion … has become a sitting duck for the masked man with the hand grenade or the AK-47."
But in our populist time with too many half-educated people at large, awful has <b>become</b> etiolated.
In the mid-1990s, first Perl [ 32] and then Java [ 33] were becoming widespread as programming languages for developing bioinformatics tools.
"Varnish" has quickly become one of the least interesting columns in Slate.
Lung surfactant synthesis and connective tissue maturation allow the lungs to become distensible and capable of coping with high surface tension.
The old social hierarchies disintegrated after World War I, and boring non-fashion could become revolutionary high fashion.
These agents have become the most widely used for the indications considered in this review.
And with the men-women wage gap narrowed it has become less clear how the staying home with the child should be divided between the mother and the father.
We have found no evidence that Iran or Hezbollah was aware of the planning for what later became the 9/11 attack.
Yet there are some questions that are becoming almost universal: with the disappearance of telephone dials, do we enter, key, punch in , or (still) dial a number?
While the rule has varying compliance dates that are much later than the announced effective date of the rule (some previously approved products covered by the rule have several years to become compliant with the labeling requirement), we do note
Though the star had become a recluse, refusing to see his friends following the death of his wife, Gloria, he did keep up a telephone relationship with the Enquirer . In a series of interviews about his impending death he told the Enquirer that he would miss his children, but added, "It's time they started living their own lives and not have to worry about this old man."
It became a challenge to integrate the work of different observers if they focused their attention on different topics from site to site.
This law states that wherever computer chips go, the Internet will follow: Everything that's powered by electricity will eventually become studded with computer chips.
The employees said that they gained confidence as they became more experienced in exercising the new authority, and some of the employees and managers who initially resisted changes adjusted to them gradually over time.
And I think, earlier this year, of Serbia, where the bones of Prince Lazar, the martyr of the battle against the Turks in 1389, have become hallowed in history and whose legends were <b>written</b> down by church scribes and canonized in cycles of folk poetry.
This dynamic expression may reflect the working of an underlying molecular network of activating and inhibitory factors which only gradually succeed in directing expression of a given gene to a specific subset of cells which thereby become defined as a distinct anlage.
The more we hear about Monica Lewinsky, the further removed from reality she becomes.
This notion has been widely accepted, and often becomes one of the central postulates of models of duplicated gene evolution [ 3, 7, 26, 27].
It has become Fight Club.
I will speak to some of the concerns of which I have become aware.
On a brighter but no less arbitrary note, childless aristocrats picked genial Edward as their heir; he changed his name and became a snobbish landowner, kind to his less glamorous siblings but also condescending.
As more structure models become available, AQP diversity is <b>becoming</b> obvious because, irrespective of overall sequence homology, the surface topographies of different AQPs as seen by atomic <b>force</b> microscopy seem to vary widely [ 25, 26].
It's his foolish marriage and adulterous affair, as exploited by an evil gossip columnist who goes on to become a United States senator.
When the same elutriated cells were supplemented with dexamethasone, ascorbic acid, and β-glycerophosphate their morphology altered, and they became uniform, polygonal cells reminiscent of osteoblasts (Fig.
In these years, however, what people meant by "character" <b>became</b> increasingly confused.
Intron phase is distributed quite randomly in the 5' half of the sequence, although toward the 3' end of the gene, phase o introns become prevalent.
When Brown became secretary of commerce in 1993, the managing directors were not forgotten.
Initially, the scale was used in patients with head injury [ 6], but later it became widely used in evaluating central nervous system lesions and state of consciousness.
The U.S. military also plans to target the Iraqi Republican Guards' favorite toys--artillery weapons, tanks, and other heavy weapons--as well as their hardened bunkers and munitions factories, hoping that Saddam's "elite" troops will finally decide the price of propping up the dictator has become too high.
When the four-section Journal s stop appearing (or when Journal managing editor Paul Steiger changes his mind and decides he wants to quit after all--according to press reports, he said no late last week to becoming the new Lou Dobbs at CNNfn) you'll know the economy is about to tank.
The foursome became core members of a group of radical Muslims, often hosting sessions at their Marienstrasse apartment that involved extremely anti-American discussions.
In the wake of Ralph Reed's departure, donations are down, and other groups (notably the Family Research Council) have become more influential.
At the request of Congress, we studied a number of leading public sector organizations that were successfully pursuing management reform initiatives and becoming more results-oriented.
The weakest, most fractured Arab state had become the front line for an Israeli-Palestinian war that other Arab countries wanted kept far from their borders.
Over time, this challenge diminished as members became familiar with each other, enthusiastic members moved past general topics, and rules of behavior were clarified.
In doing that research, I became painfully aware of how much personal information was already "sloshing around," as you put it.
Since then, Jews have become more integrated into American life, and Hanukkah has embedded itself in television, office parties, Hallmark stores, Barnes & Nobles, and other leading American cultural institutions.
Since I became Comptroller General, one of the most important activities in which GAO has been engaged is the development of its first strategic plan for the 21st century.
Because they are Irish-Catholic, tightknit, and play touch football, the Baldwins constantly compare themselves to the Kennedys . It is a Baldwin commonplace to say that either Alec or Billy will become president.
Our next experiments were designed to examine whether the EGFR becomes tyrosine phosphorylated during ERK activation by DSLET.
The Scots who edit and publish Chambers do not accept what most English and Americans and Canadians do when they say some Scottish words that have become standard English on both sides of the Atlantic.
I became convinced that a strong connection exists between the way that we decorate our homes and the way that we dress ourselves.
He became the Buddha, the Enlightened One, and embarked on travels to spread his beliefs.
The angle mesenchyme was more densely packed and continuous with the mesenchyme extending onto the primitive iris that will become the iris stroma (Figure 2D).
As for Burgon, who later in life became Dean of Chichester, he retains a tiny niche in the history of English literature for two immortal lines of poetry he composed in 1845, much quoted and much admired ever since.
With the rediscovery of Greek and Roman Classicism, Gothic <b>became</b> distinctly unfashionable.
The former Roman settlement of Portus, it combined with Calus, its twin town on the opposite bank, to become known as Portucale in the early Middle Ages.
Doris Kearns Goodwin ( Meet the Press ) further puddles the issue, insisting the "whole system has become corrupted."
But perhaps the main reason is that production of factory-sewn clothing has become increasingly cost effective.
In 1869 Y okohama became an international port, and the burgeoning international community quickly spread beyond its confinement to the high ground still known today as the Bluff.
20 And, when the no-shift elasticities of the basic and workshared product are the same, the gains become even smaller and the peak <b>becomes</b> very pronounced.
The only way an economy can become something more than a bunch of <b>people</b> taking in each other's washing, that is, the only way an economy can actually improve living standards and increase the collective wealth, is when one of two things happens: Either <b>people</b> work more hours, changing empty time into a product or service, or <b>people</b> create more value with those same hours.
At the time the amendment was enacted, it was fairly clear that the drafters and the public had a broad construction in mind, for the Thirteenth Amendment became the constitutional foundation in 1866 for the first Civil Rights Act—indeed, the Act that is still used today to prosecute those who, like the police who beat up Rodney King, engage in racially motivated deprivations of civil rights.
The bridge marks the spot where the Buddhist priest Shodo is said to have crossed the river in the year 766 on the backs of two huge serpents, to found the temple that would later become Rinnoji.
Pairs of SNPs where D ' values are reversed between the populations also show a reversal of the relative risk (that is, relative risks greater than 1 become less than 1).
His camera becomes increasingly energized, and Bulworth's gung-ho tastelessness takes on an exhilarating life of its own.
We explore how the set of practices that traditional retailers drew on to merchandise and distribute products became increasingly costly.
This area has become a haven for both discriminating travelers looking for super-exclusive resorts and budget-conscious tourists seeking secluded beaches off the beaten path.
But his latest novels do more than just showcase it; they become its victims.
In the performances of some groups there is a queen, La Reina, but in others she might be called La Malinche, the Indian woman who became the mistress of Cortés, who represents innocence or the Church.
African gold brought wealth in ancient times, and the darker skinned Nubians became invaluable trading partners to the ancient Egyptians; living around Aswan in the south, they remain close to their roots and their strong musical traditions.
As structures grow larger and become multiclonal they no longer appear to be dominated by fluid currents and as their density in the population decreases chance positioning by convection <b>becomes</b> less likely.
In any case, it has become painful to listen to Eastwood talk.
But as product variety has increased and product life cycles have shortened, this tension has become increasingly acute, prompting inventory management practices to evolve in recent years to meet rapidly changing market demands.
Further west the island takes on less of a tourist feel and agriculture <b>becomes</b> the focus.
In James Traub's "New York's Loneliest Liberal," he says: "By the time David Dinkins became mayor in 1989, this kind of spending had made New York ungovernable.
Many American industry participants and policymakers believe these changes could deal a fatal blow to the U.S. apparel industry, which will become even more exposed to global competition.
As you cross the bridge into Aranjuez on the road from Madrid, the spacious, geometric town plan becomes apparent.
However, at the late stage of cytokinesis, as soon as the two daughter cells begin to separate from each other, GFP-MHCK-C became detectable at the newly formed posterior regions of the two daughter cells.
James A. Johnson, chairman of both the Kennedy Center and the Brookings Institution, has become, at age 53, Washington, D.C.'s Medici.
7 In the postbellum institutional shakeup, however, the Court would become more aggressive in exercising its <b>power</b> to overrule decisions by other agencies of government.
In 1902, Alfonso XIII became king at the age of 16.
Other 35S:GFP-COP1 loci become transcriptionally silenced upon exposure to the C73 locus (Fig.
If the angels (who become serial killers on their trek to New Jersey, gorily murdering Ten Commandments violators as a kind of last hurrah), succeed in their mission, God will be shown to be fallible, the center will not hold, and the apocalypse will destroy all life in the universe.
An expressive term used among Chicanos to describe other Chicanos who have become very gringo-like, very anglicized (inglesado), or americanizado.
If you’ve become an enthusiast of large “strolling” gardens, the 18th-century Korakuen, in the nearby town of Okayama, is considered a must by connoisseurs.
Indeed, p53 controls the low-level damage-dependent premeiotic checkpoint which facilitates DNA repair during spermatogenesis [ 25 ] . Gametogenesis is inherently error-prone [ 26 ] and subject to mutations [ 27 ] . Nevertheless, it is imperative to avoid genotoxic complications that could become integrated into the germline.
But it probably means that expecting eBay to become a proverbial ten-bagger (rise 1,000 percent) from here is a mistake.
Brunvand calls it a classic automobile legend, and its prevalence has increased since cars became affordable to all social classes.
By the time of Philip of Macedon it had become a thriving commercial port.
Isaac Benjamin became ensnared in a bureaucratic snafu that took away his Social Security disability payments for more than two years.
Like his wife Susan Molinari, who quit last year to become a news anchor on CBS, he said his move was prompted by a desire to spend more time with his family.
It has become an industry adept at producing high-quality products in large runs competitively and its strengths and limitations must be understood in this context.
By a.d. 900, the Hong Kong islands had <b>become</b> a lair for pirates preying on the shipping in the Pearl River Delta and causing a major headache for burgeoning Guangzhou; small bands of pirates were still operating into the early years of the 20th century.
Building on the foundation established by Dorsey is Wilhelm H. Joseph Jr., who became executive director in 1996.
As has become common in merger reporting, some of the papers attempt to cloak the event in intrigue and drama.
My second and core question became, What must a physical system be to be an autonomous agent?
After the death of Columbus in 1505, Jamaica became the property of his son Diego, who dispatched Don Juan de Esquivel to the <b>island</b> as Governor.
In 1991, faced with rising budget pressures, a growing project inventory, and the need to become more results-oriented, the Corps initiated a comprehensive review of its civil operation and maintenance program.
Very much to her credit, she hasn't become bitter about her shrinking influence; she's not stuck in whiny nostalgia for the way things were.
Los Penitentes became a strong institution in rural New Mexico because there were too few Catholic priests to oversee the religious life of the <b>people</b> during the early nineteenth century.
They are proud of the scenic beauty, delectable wines, and exquisite hand embroidery that their tiny island has <b>become</b> rightly famous for.
Almost none of the people you mention as <b>writing</b> those important books of the past were professors--I think of Jane Jacobs, Edmund Wilson, W. H. Whyte--or if they were, they <b>became</b> professors late in life, after having been editors, and the like, for example Dan Bell, and me too.
So it may begin to be worth raising the question whether the universe can expand into an adjacent possible for vastly longer periods than the current lifetime of the universe, becoming evermore kinetically trapped, thus evermore specific and more refinely dierentiated.
As you approach St. Giles Cathedral, the Royal Mile becomes High Street.
More recent work by E. Tuomanen, A. Tomaz and their colleagues supported this interpretation, a phenomenon they called phenotypic tolerance [ 29 30 31 ] . They also provided evidence that nutrient limitation was the cause of the decline in the rate of bacterial growth [ 32 ] . Not only do bacteria become increasingly refractory to the majority of antibiotics as their rate of growth declines, but they also adsorb to and replicate bacteriophage less efficiently [ 24 33 ] , as is evident from the PRA values in Fig.
The subsequent "Leuchter Report" became the backbone of Zundel's defense (he lost anyway) and of the burgeoning revisionist movement led by David Irving.
These folk dance groups became popular in Mexico right after the Mexican Revolution, but did not <b>become</b> prevalent in the United States until the 1960s.
For art purchases, areas worth exploring are Consell de Cent, in the Eixample; Passeig del Born, becoming a hot new gallery area; and the streets around the contemporary art museum, MACBA, in Raval, where other galleries are quickly springing up.
Some care must be used in the application of this technique because, if the initial estimates of a i and T i are far from the correct values then, for the 3-exponential case, it is possible for the solution to become stuck in a local minimum, far from the global minimum.
In Milan, a front-page editorial in Corriere Della Sera titled "The Memory of Lady Diana in Ashes" sought to explain why "the river of tears has slowed down and the dissenters from the myth have become bolder and more numerous."
The narrative of the Fifth Sun is based on an Aztec myth that has become an important cultural expression commonly incorporated into Chicano cultural events.
Lisbon became a thriving outpost under Muslim occupation.
They can drop out of the entire rat race and become folk singers or something, or they can belly up to the bar and play in the real world where money is generally the accepted way we keep score.
Coal was the logical fuel for the long trains carrying coal to the rest of the country, and Datong became the major steam locomotive manufacturer for China.
Interviewed later about the deaths of the Africans, Bin Ladin answered that "when it becomes apparent that it would be impossible to repel these Americans without assaulting them, even if this involved the killing of Muslims, this is permissible under Islam."
The incentive to a commercial author is to get the application on the shelf so she can derive income from it; if Version 1 happens to have bugs in it, the bug fixes become a selling point for Version 2.
The fundamental standards of product identification through bar codes and related technologies have become compatible worldwide without the prescription or regulation of a Bureau of Standards or government regulatory agencies.
It is even becoming something of a commuter town — owning or renting an apartment here costs a fraction of what it would in Hong Kong.
President Bush explained to us that he had become impatient.
According to the Chronicle of Higher Education , Fish will become dean of liberal arts and sciences at the University of Illinois at Chicago, a respected commuter campus making a bid for greater prestige and attention.
It also became a prime base for missionary activity, with its succession of devout followers of different faiths — the Franciscans, Augustinians, Dominicans, and the Jesuits — which held them in line along with a rigorous Inquisition most notably led by Francis Xavier, who came to Goa in the year 1542.
There he claims to have become a follower of the Islamist extremist teachings of various clerics, including one named Abdullah Sungkar.
Only the tiniest fraction of this output, however, actually achieves the first level of popular acceptance, and becomes a current hit . Having reached that level, it is almost as difficult to achieve the next one and <b>become</b> a standard , a drink that will still be popular by the time the next generation of current hits comes along.
A lechuza is a woman who has sold her soul to the devil and becomes an owl by night.
Though it disappeared from the record books following the decline of the Roman Empire in the fifth century — its lineage and magnificent monuments unappreciated — it has risen like a phoenix from the ashes since 1834, the year that it became capital of the modern country of Greece.
