The coverage emphasizes Hussein's connections to the many different players in Middle East politics.
At Indiana State University and during his early NBA career, Bird gulled fans, opposing players, and the media.
Girls play this game in Mexico also, with a boy as the center player, which Inez Cardozo-Freeman interprets as a portrayal of betrayal and abandonment preparing little girls for marriage.
On the talk shows, the players testified that Bradley is "intelligent," "knowledgeable," "well-rounded," "compassionate," "concerned," "wonderful," "a great leader," "a great listener," and "a good person."
Barshefsky), kicking tennis player Anna Kournikova when she's down.
Sharing information and current knowledge of the market across channel players achieves some of the same objectives—at lower cost—of formally reaching forward or backward into markets.
Stross could have written a fabulous book about how Microsoft's meritocracy produced a perfect monopoly, out of sheer grit and the love bestowed upon its team of managers by America's mutual funds (their fondness for Microsoft stock yielded a price that allowed the company, with its handsome stock-option compensation program, to hold on to its best, most talented players).
Piazza was the Dodgers' best player on the field, its most popular with the fans, and its most expensive to keep.
At USA Today , the Iraq combat is on the front below the fold, Cambodia is nowhere in sight and the lead is the real possibility that the NBA season will be canceled combined with a warning from the head of the players' union that if so, the <b>players</b> might start their own league.
Pokémon demands that players learn to care for their charges, educate and "evolve" them, and take them to the Pokémon hospital when they are hurt.
Or, there's the home-schooling movement, a player on the right since the 1960s.
This has produced a mad scramble for players over a period of hours rather than weeks, with stars hopping from one team to the next.
The Prisoner's Dilemma (PD) has generated many hundreds of publications [ 1 2 ] spanning the biology, moral philosophy, sociology, economics and political science literature [ 1 3 4 5 6 ] . It received special attention because it sets paradoxical conditions to examine how and when cooperation can evolve even when a rational player is bound to defect.
But even when players could not freely sell their services on the open market, the richest teams still got the best <b>players</b>.
These players are much better than the low-stakes <b>players</b> and take my money in a hurry.
The Secretary of duhFENSE may be introduced at the annual Army-Navy game, while the crowd is shouting to the players on the field, “DEE-fense, DEE-fense!”
And, while this sounds like a cliché, it's undoubtedly true: Parcells makes his players believe they can win, so they do.
Here are Shafer's instructions to the players:
MLB has no salary cap, and attempts to impose one sparked the 1994-1995 strike by the players union, resulting in the first cancellation of a World Series in 90 years.
In New England, nine of his assistant coaches were former Giants assistants; at the Jets, he has enlisted former Giants players to coach his running backs, kickers, and tight ends.
Statisticians insist there is no such thing as a "hot hand" in basketball, that accurate shots distribute themselves in random patterns, that just the fact that a player has made several shots in a row does not increase the likelihood that he will make the next one.
United Artists, however, was plagued by inept management and a lack of resources, and never became a power player.
well isn't it funny how baseball's getting less than like football players would
A plant's adaptively variable behavior or plasticity during its lifetime has been described as 'plant intelligence' [ 79] and Ca 2+and its sensors are key players in this adaptive behavior.
Attorneys have filed charges against several key players associated with some of the recent integrity and accountability failures; the New York State Attorney General and the SEC are taking steps to address certain conflicts within the investment banking community, and the GAO has taken a number of steps as discussed below.
The second critical success factor focuses on the CIO«s ability to establish the CIO organization as a central player in the enterprise.
Many of these players tend to be arrogant and believe that the end <b>justifies</b> the means.
This study explores the effect of alteration of the GC environment during late gestation, with the expectation that suppression of GC effects will improve the LIFR null newborn phenotype and identify LIFR as an obligatory player in concert with the maternal GC surge during late gestation development.
Although it is becoming clear that intrinsic BMPs are important players in the ovary, the cellular localization of BMPs in the ovary is poorly understood, and a proper understanding of how the cell-specific expression of the BMP system changes during the cycle is still lacking.
Also, there are strict rules as to what the player can do with his cards and chips, and where he can place his hands.
Textile firms, however, have been players in multiple supply channels.
Its rate of play is dizzyingly fast--I once played more than 400 games of video poker in an hour--and the flashing lights and flickering screens send players into trancelike reveries.
Cigarette smoke has also been considered a major player in the pathogenesis of asthma and as a trigger for acute symptoms [ 2 ] . Exposure to cigarette smoke activates an inflammatory cascade in the airway epithelium resulting in the production of a number of potent cytokines and chemokines, with accompanying damage to the lung epithelium, increased permeability, and recruitment of macrophages and neutrophils to the airway [ 3 ] . Even brief exposure to cigarette smoke has been shown to increase expression of IL-8 in primary cultures of human bronchial epithelial cells (HBEs) in the presence of dust mite allergen [ 4 ] . Increased release of the chemokine IL-8 has also been shown for cultured HBEs exposed to cigarette smoke extract (CSE) [ 5 6 ] and diesel exhaust particles [ 7 ] . However, the precise molecular events that bring about these intracellular changes and acute inflammation in lung epithelial cells are not well understood.
Each player is dealt seven cards, which are then arranged by the <b>player</b> into two piles: one five-card hand and one two-card hand.
The main players are la mamá and “Saint Inez,” who may also be called La Vieja Inés (Old Lady Inés) or La Virgen Inés (Old Maid Inés).
The other two were both former professional football players, both from Oklahoma and both aggressively religious.
Too many players are looking for special treatment and loopholes and are focusing on legal form rather than economic substance.
All are varied and challenging enough for the best players.
Otherwise, the two parties make independent decisions that myopically optimize their own profits, without complete consideration of the impact these decisions may have on other players in the channel.
When the state banned big jackpots by forbidding machines to pay more than $125 to a player in a day, poker operators ignored the law.
You need to be able to issue a few so-called "wide-striped suits" to players who violate criminal statutes.
All together now, from the top . . . In the week after Christmas my true love gave to me 10 college bowls, 9 hours of wrestling, 8 NFL games, 7 figure skaters, 6 soccer players, 5 college hoops match ups, 4 hockey goalies, 3 rounds of pro golf, 2 ABL games, and the Branson, Mo.
Players bet on the numbers that will come up, and on whether the result will be “big” or “small. ”
The Legal Aid Bureau has become a lead player in the justice community by building partnerships with other organizations, the courts and the mediaCoall critical components to make justice available to all in Maryland."
Notably, Tiger was perhaps the biggest player in the yen "carry trade"--borrowing yen and investing the proceeds in dollars--and its short position in the yen put it in a position to benefit from troubles throughout Asia.
Golf players can often play on local private courses with proof of their home club membership.
While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined, knowledge-based product development process, the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively.
When lured out of retirement a year ago--he was "bored to death" of fishing and golfing--the Pacers had just finished a miserable 39-43 season, had missed the playoffs, and were led by a core of aging, disgruntled players.
Castro once roared fire and brimstone down on the Batista government here, but today you’ll find more pacific chess and domino players who have set up all-hours tables on the steps.
Intestinal calcium absorption is increased after feeding a low calcium diet or under conditions of increased calcium needs, such as during growth, via a parathyroid hormone (PTH)-vitamin D mediated process [ 3 ] . A lowering of serum calcium levels stimulates the secretion of PTH that then activates the renal conversion of inactive 25-hydroxyvitamin D to the active hormonal metabolite 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D. At the intestine, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D, acting through a nuclear receptor, stimulates transcription of vitamin D-mediated genes, including calbindin D, involved in calcium transport thereby acting as the primary hormonal regulator of active intestinal calcium transport [ 3 ] . It is thus likely that any putative key molecular player in calcium absorption, such as CaT1 or ECaC1, should be a prime target for hormonal regulation by 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D. However, to date, neither CaT1 nor ECaC1 expression has been shown to be related to serum 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D or vitamin D status [ 10 16 ] .
Contrary to the Gatorade ad, the magazine reports with admiration that Hamm "sees herself as a solid cog in a remarkably powerful machine" and "refuses to acknowledge that she's a player with unique gifts."
Taylor, one of the major wine players, recently opened an excellent hotel in Pinhão, the appropriately named Vintage House.
And in the simplest sense, having two big players in the market is not meaningfully different from having three.
Different players are given different colored chips to avoid confusion.
What involvement did other key players have in connection with these accountability failures?
He is shown leading the debate society, the fencing club, the French club, the chess club, and the "Max Fischer Players," who perform wildly inappropriate dramatizations of such films as Serpico to undiscriminating audiences.
Loud players, dramatically placed chips, and flying dice all revolve around a set of complex betting rules and the fact that seven is more likely to be rolled than any other number.
The classical pay-off matrix for the Prisoner's Dilemma defines values which satisfy the required inequality T > R > P > S, and R > (T + S) / 2 [ 18 19 20 ] (The latter inequality is to prevent the possibility that players collude and split the payoffs).
Players with handles like "nineball" and "fatso" just outplay me.
You’ll also see a rare male figure among the collection, and the beautiful Harp Player — a more complex carving in the same style.
The importance of integrity can not be overstated, if the key players don't have integrity, not much else matters.
Passages from Jordan's new autobiography emphasize his profound respect for the game of basketball, his coaches, and the star players who came before him.
Unlike bingo, however, the odds are shifted in that players circle random numbers on a purchased ticket and wait for a fixed set of numbers to be drawn.
At the same time, the proposed cabinet department, even with its multiple missions, will still be just one of many players with important roles and responsibilities for ensuring homeland security.
I know we only won 22 games [out of 82] but if you look at impact players as a rookie, I thought I had the greatest impact."
Anything less than zero means the player is a net miscreant.
He sees all the players as serving a very narrowly defined self-interest.
When the bubble burst, entire companies vanished, and the major players have barely struggled to stay afloat.
They were "as strong on the mound and in the field as they were at bat; endowed with a bunch of superb role players; blessed with a rare balance of speed and power; managed by a man of calming temperament."
Usually he collects role players.)
Since female players are weaker and slower their play is more offense-oriented and therefore more exciting to watch.
The National Basketball Association is back in business . NBA Commissioner David Stern, representing the owners, and union chief Billy Hunter, representing the players, struck a deal one day before the league was expected to cancel the rest of the season.
The piece focuses on the inspirational story of teammates and opponents praying for him on the field while doctors worked on him feverishly, but treads lightly around the NFL's dirty little not-so-secret: namely, that because of the incredible increases in the size, strength, and speed of the players, serious spinal and head injuries are becoming more common all the time.
In the case of actress Robin Givens, Mike Tyson's ex, her wedding day actually was the only day of her marriage to Yugoslavian tennis player Svetozar Marinkovic, according to last week's Globe . At a party after the ceremony she reportedly announced, "Svetozar is the man of my dreams and I plan to spend the rest of my life with him."
During the softball season my husband and I got to know many of the team parents and were particularly taken with the extended family of a ninth-grader, a new player on the team.
How can the man who challenged baseball's reserve clause in court--who gave up his career as a professional baseball player in 1970 rather than submit to going to a team for whom he did not wish to play (Philadelphia)--how can such mighty resistance, which this book and all black political correctness greatly prizes, be ignored!
By 1980 it was also being used widely in baseball, especially to welcome a player to the plate after a home run (and in this respect is similar to the hugs and other celebratory gestures used by British football <b>players</b>).
This time they say he is outperformed by co-star Gheorghe Muresan, a 7-foot-7-inch basketball player who can hardly speak English.
The film stars Rip Torn and Emmy winner Andre Braugher, riveting as a priest leading his players in a drive to integrate school athletics.
The paper concludes the judge wanted to "send a message to key players in the White House intern scandal."
We pull back into space, and the spinning globe morphs into a basketball, the stars around it outlining a player and a hoop.
This sort of jingoism is unworthy of "News Quiz" players, who might charitably have pointed out how graciously the English have transformed themselves from a ruthless imperial power into a vast island museum that still believes itself to be a ruthless imperial power.
Determined to establish his distance from the Ciba issue, McGreevey has cited newspaper reports in which major players on the bill say they have no memory of his involvement.
Jack Roosevelt (US baseball No Yes Yes No No player)
He found many of the players incorrigibly apathetic or self-absorbed.
Jazz forward Karl Malone, who edged out Jordan in this year's vote for the league's Most Valuable Player, gave Jordan the game-winning opportunity by bricking two free throws with nine seconds left.
"As a professional football player, he'd been physically threatened by other <b>players</b> for refusing to join a strike."
Genovese transformed the debate by making slaves, at long last, central and even powerful players in shaping their own lives.
What Nash showed was that in every such game there is what has become known as a "Nash equilibrium": a set of strategies, one for each player, such that no <b>player</b> can improve his situation by switching to a different strategy.
The exorbitant salaries have inspired modern players to train year-round, building strength and stamina with their new regimens.
well what do you think about Nolan Ryan being the first baseball player to earn a million dollars
Labor disputes in professional sports have centered on whether teams, and therefore players, would be subject to a hard salary cap or a soft salary cap , "hard" and "soft" in this instance meaning, essentially, "enforceable" and "unenforceable."
What holds the film together is Zellweger's Ellen, and not because of anything she does but because she's the only major player who seems to be listening.
The NHL buys the best hockey players from eastern Europe.
that's that's in uh Texas stadium where the football players play
At the close of yesterday's drama, Congressional players were confronted with the bittersweet question of what they would do next.
("The computer gets smarter every day," said Professor Jonathan Schaeffer, who led the team that programmed Chinook, "and human players like Dr. Tinsley and Lafferty just get older."
Re David Plotz's Nov. 12 article "Sin City 1, Puritans 0": I am 253 pounds of big-eating ex-football player.
They seem to have been much more preoccupied with a certain black football player's murder trial.
, top right) is given to the New York state budget accord, the paper's front page is dominated by a large photo of deal players Gingrich, Kasich, and Domenici and three budget-related articles.
And remember how, in The Player , Richard E. Grant keeps pitching a project called "Habeas Corpus" about a woman on Death Row who falls in love with her lawyer?
MLS allows only five foreigners on its 20-man rosters, a move that cuts costs while guaranteeing playing time for home-grown players.
What free agency has done is transfer those payments that would have gone to small-market teams to the players themselves.
The Bullets kept assigning different players to cover him, but Jordan seemed to be emitting some kind of paralysis beam.
Other coaches give their players vast freedom.
Likewise a 485 verbal wouldn't get you into the Princeton Class of 1965, if you weren't also a star basketball player.
Then he let his players do their jobs.
(In other pro leagues, players sign contracts with teams.)
More recently, however, Republicans have insinuated--and the news media have reflected--the view that Reno is not just a team player, but a political shill for the White House.
An obituary mourns Mona May Karff, pioneering woman chess player.
And is the current crop of players as good as those who played in the halcyon days of the '30s, '50s, and '60s?
Winning players won't accept the kind of bullying Parcells dishes out.
The players are Brobdingnagians, and their conflicts, aptly epic.
The NYT runs the indictments story inside, adding that a nationwide survey of Division I basketball and football players showed that 4 percent said they had gambled on a game they had played in.
The game's current stars declared Woods the best player in the world and possibly in history.
The reader may be most amused by lesser players like Mark Canton, the credit-hungry head of production at Columbia, who pathetically asked the producers of A Few Good Men to thank him publicly at the premiere (they did) and implored Nick Nolte to thank him if he got a Golden Globe award for Prince of Tides (Nolte won, but didn't).
I think you've got one thing exactly right: The Sopranos works so well precisely because it is understated, because it is the opposite of the operatic Godfather . Together, The Godfather and The Sopranos make up some kind of whole, but here's the fundamental difference between them: Every mobster I've ever met imagines himself a player in The Godfather . I interviewed Sammy Gravano a few weeks ago and he said as much; The Godfather invested the lives of mobsters, who are in fact seedy and boring characters, with honor and drama.
Time 's package on the Microsoft antitrust case features an interview with Assistant Attorney General Joel Klein; thumbnail sketches of the major players; a long rundown of Microsoft's many holdings, partnerships, and investments; and a short history of Netscape's meteoric rise and subsequent fragility.
Hunter S. Thompson once said of Circus Circus, the casino where craps players and flying trapeze artists mingle beneath a billowing canopy, that it was what hepcats all over the world would be doing on Saturday night if the Germans had won World War II.
In playgrounds across America, young basketball players eschew team play in favor of taking on defenders one-on-one, dunking, and "taking over the game" in crunch time, because they want to "be like Mike," as the advertisements say.
He failed as a coach for the reason that other great players have failed as coaches: He thought about himself too much.
well isn't it funny how baseball's getting less than like football players would
His extraordinary Card Game (1917) uses those "contrasting forms" to reconfigure a traditional genre subject (Cézanne's Card Players is the most <b>familiar</b> example).
(Incidentally, the House GOP's top four leaders are now ex-wrestling coach Hastert, ex-college professor Dick Armey, ex-exterminator Tom DeLay, and ex-football player J.C.
(Europe is already grabbing MLS's best: Goalkeeper Brad Friedel went to Liverpool last season, and more top MLS players may follow him.)
But the real business of casinos is not about what happens once a player sits down at a blackjack table or in front of a slot machine.
The Journal also reports on the trend of professional sports teams offering player education programs in an attempt to keep their new millionaires out of trouble.
This summer's World Cup will distract fans and remove the league's best players for two months in the middle of the season.
It seems to be the tasteful name for some kind of high-roller area, "the ultimate club for Keno, Slot, Bingo and Table Game players."
The player who has devised a `double' provides to the others a definition, whereupon they <b>try</b> to respond with the precise double.
Other coaches piggybacked to the top on star players: Any idiot--and coach Barry Switzer is that idiot--could have won a Super Bowl with the Dallas Cowboys' talent.
Hatch zinged McCain by saying his Arizona colleague was "starting to sound like an accordion player who only knows one tune--'Lady of Spain.
While it's true that expansion temporarily diluted the talent pool, the DH artificially increased offense, and players have gained the economic upper hand, there is a widespread consensus that the quality of the game itself is as good as or better than ever . Improvements in hitting have been matched by craftier pitching (by such hurlers as Atlanta's Greg Maddux and Baltimore's Mike Mussina).
Their superficial spin is that male players whip off their shirts all the time, and women should be able to do the same.
But my guess, too, would be that the cyber-revolution would have happened sooner or later anyway, maybe in somewhat different form, with other players.
Others ascribe it to a high-school basketball player in a McDonald's All-America game.
Disney CEO Michael Eisner was there, and tennis player Martina Navratilova and hockey <b>player</b> Wayne Gretzky and basketball <b>player</b> Bill Russell--though Culturebox only learned of their attendance from the press release she picked up as she left.
All these figures, brought down in political scandals, have nonetheless managed to re-establish themselves as players in Washington.
And hence if Congress defeats the Clinton administration's proposal to pony up $18 billion for the IMF, the Asian economic players will be at least confused and possibly hostile.
The chief whipping boy, U.S. coach Steve Sampson, is accused of having panicked, fielded too many rookies, and benched or cut veteran players over petty personality conflicts.
The real business is about getting that player to sit down at your table and not the table at the casino across the street.
With the papers relentlessly rah-rahing over the latest exploits of the home team, often, amazingly, on the front page, it's sobering to take in the NYT op-ed on the rampant criminality of professional football players.
MLS relies heavily on , assigning foreign players to cities where they'll be most popular.
Also, the magazine says graphite rackets (power over technique) and charmless players are ruining tennis.
And MLS players have filed a lawsuit to end the single-entity league.
The NYT has a classic obit to show off today, about the best polo player ever, Cecil Smith; the piece, by Frank Litsky, effortlessly takes the reader back to the days when the sport was played by the likes of Walt Disney and Will Rogers, and tens of thousands watched games.
Hockey legend Wayne Gretzky is retiring . Known as "The Great One," he holds the National Hockey League records for goals (894), assists (1,962), and most valuable player awards (nine).
An article on the fund-raising scandal suggests that the White House is terrified at the prospect of more Ickes documents, more China revelations, and the possible cooperation of key players like John Huang.
Both papers report that all players in the controversy--including Ken Starr and Paula Jones' lawyers--deny leaking the depo.
The Microsoft case demonstrates that antitrust statutes punish dominant market players and should be more laissez-fare.
"It makes logical sense to align ourselves with a major player in the industry.
Scalia, notes the Times , went on to claim that the decision does not abrogate all "genuine but innocuous differences in the ways men and women routinely interact with members of the same sex and of the opposite sex," and all the papers give his example: a football coach slapping a player's rear on the way to the field would be lawful, while the same gesture directed at the coach's (female or male) secretary might not be.
But that fraternity might have included some rough players itself.
The resulting collective consciousness is captured in Nike ads that depict the players doing everything together.
However, players might well make their own rules.
Or should I just relax and consider their gifts a generous expression of their appreciation for my daughter's leadership and mentoring of the younger player throughout the year?
His academic writings on how to interpret facial expressions have been used by lawyers to figure out which potential jurors to eject during voir dire and by gamblers to figure out the giveaway signs of a card player's bluff.
23 practice jersey (love that) and sits around waiting for the real players to show up for the morning workout.
Defenders see a double standard: Critics don't blame white players (Steffi Graf and Mary Pierce) for their fathers' misbehavior, so why should Williams be blamed for her father's?
("Alligator Blood: A compliment given to an outstanding player who proves himself unflappable under great pressure.
To commemorate Robinson's shattering of the color barrier in sports 50 years ago, no player will ever again be assigned the number 42.
Then a third player acts as arbiter and decides which one wins (in this case, a butterfly, because the butterfly flaps its wings and sets into a motion a chain of events that ends with Rupert Murdoch slipping on a banana peel and falling into a cement mixer).
And the Brazilian players talked of being told that soccer "isn't for women."
Actually, it's a possibility: I don't know any of the LTCM players personally, but some of the hedge fund types I do know are, as my correspondent puts it, "about as moral as great white sharks."
Others, such as managers of retail tennis shops, coaches, and regular players (who number in the thousands) seem to be totally in the dark about such matters as the proper distinction between paddle tennis and platform tennis and whether the terms paddleball and racquetball are interchangeable.
The Chicago Tribune once witnessed the tennis player John McEnroe "swearing at personal demons."
As it turns out, In the Company of Men is only tangentially about woman-hating; it's actually about male corporate culture, in which the players find it endlessly exciting to screw one another.
Right now, the site is most helpful to the minor candidates, whom it gives the same weight as the major players.
The city is where the real players live.
Cody Shearer is a man with many connections, able to convince Bosnian Serbs, Cheyennes and, unintentionally, Washington Clinton-haters that he is a player, a person who makes things happen.
You might choose some plausible criteria such as players' lifetime batting averages and salaries, the coaches' years of professional experience, and so on.
The LAT front reports that just two days before the NCAA Final Four tournament game, a federal grand jury in Chicago has indicted two former Northwestern University players on charges of attempting to fix the outcome of games for the benefit of bettors during the 1994-1995 college season.
An article celebrates the return to favor of jazz pianist Keith Jarrett, whose sharp tongue is nearly as famous as his music (he disses Wynton Marsalis as a "talented high-school trumpet player").
President, if the season begins with replacement players, would you throw out the first ball?"
You might think, from the attention paid to Ron Fitzsimmons' recantation, that he was a major player in the abortion debate.
Initially the issues were legion, the ramifications seemingly kaleidoscopic, the players unsure of their positions.
This being a book by a player, we asked another <b>player</b> to review it.
"If St. Louis wins, Tennessee drops all criminal charges currently pending against the Rams' players, and vice versa."
Big Al can be a tough, mean player.
AOL will now be one of the country's key cable providers, which means that it can position itself as a dominant player in the high-speed-cable-modem world.
Nezavisimaya Gazeta said the conflict had given Russia an opportunity to be a key player again on the international stage, while Moskovsky Komsomolets said that Primakov could not lose out in any event.
That's what News Quiz players cite.
For the most part, lottery players prefer a small <b>chance</b> of a big payout to a bigger <b>chance</b> of a smaller payout.
The Braves collect tens of millions from their nationally broadcast games and strong ticket sales, and they pay lavishly for players.
His teams are teams . (In Parcells' coaching career, he has had only one player who can legitimately be called a superstar: Giants linebacker Lawrence Taylor.
The WP editorial on the budget manages not to feel Mr. Clinton's gain, saying of all the players: "They reached belated agreement on a single massive bill that takes the place of eight lesser bills they should have passed earlier.
He complained his players didn't care about the game the way he did.
Could Bird manage a different group of players?
Early on, he specialized in admiring portraits of successful young men: Bradley as a star college basketball player, Thomas Hoving at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
2. "On Saturday night, at an event called Columbine Surprise Party, players from the Denver Broncos and the Colorado Rockies mingled with students and family.
Russia's re-emergence as a big player in the Kosovo crisis was a major story across Europe Wednesday, with papers giving contrasting interpretations of this week's talks in Moscow between U.S.
One thing that separates intuitive artists from hacks and "players" is their difficulty doing even mediocre work when their cylinders aren't firing.
Malone's detractors argued that his choking performance proved the NBA had been foolish to give him its Most Valuable Player award.
College basketball coach Al McGuire once said that, whereas many coaches took white players and <b>tried</b> to get them to play black, he took black <b>players</b> and <b>tried</b> to get them to play white.
It's only when the plot forces him to hide the cards of certain players, which it does periodically, that my disbelief is unsuspended.
And players like Marco Etcheverry, Carlos Valderrama, Jaime Moreno, Preki, and Eric Wynalda would be thrilling in any league.
Michael Hoffman, the director and "screenwriter" of the all-star movie called William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream (evidently to distinguish it from Stephen King's A Midsummer Night's Dream ), has wedged the play into a weirdly inapposite setting, has stupidly cut and even more stupidly embellished it, and has miscast it almost to a player.
Editor's Note: Michael Isikoff's Uncovering Clinton recounts the events of Flytrap from the perspective of a reporter who in investigating the story became a key player in it, since news that his article might appear in Newsweek precipitated Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr's hurried investigation into President Clinton's dalliance with Monica Lewinsky.
The sophisticated spin: Black, mixed-race, and second-generation French players (led by Zidane, the Muslim son of Algerian immigrants) beat the team that had been embraced, overhyped, and overcommercialized by the global sports media and business elite.
Soccer Federation, the Post says the players are "determined to promote and pay themselves better than they believe the [USSF] has."
What Nash showed was that in every such game there is what has become known as a "Nash equilibrium": a set of strategies, one for each player, such that no <b>player</b> can improve his situation by switching to a different strategy.
People with the predatory instincts that led Picasso to become an artist in late 19 th century Spain become takeover specialists or basketball players or filmmakers in our culture.
All along, Michael Isikoff was a player in this story, and he has written a <b>player</b>'s book.
It is not sporting of Spikey to dump on his source to provide cover for his own deep activity as a deep player in this drama.
If the fast-food world had only three players, and McDonalds's proposed to buy out Burger King, how reassured would we be if they offered the palliative of selling a few franchises to Taco Bell?
If the ESPN report is true, players, tutors, and administrators will be subject to punishment under the school's honor code and NCAA guidelines.
The Alliance includes such educational policy power players as the NEA and the AFT and its principal goals include establishing tougher course work and making schools safer.
Unlike many self-centered and pampered athletes of the '90s, Scottie Pippen is recognized by his peers and in the league as one of the more giving players to disadvantaged youth.
And as the example of the auto industry suggests, having two or three major players in an industry is qualitatively different from having just one.
The high-five was originally a gesture developed for use in basketball, where it first appeared among the University of Louisville team in the 1979-80 season; Louisville player Derek Smith claims to have coined the name.
And a player to be named later.
Which player will win the game?
Making no concessions for the uninformed, the spot assumes viewers are familiar with its principal <b>players</b> and references.
Checkers masters stared down their Armageddon a few years ago, when a powerful computer program named Chinook forged a tie with the second-best checkers player in the world, Don Lafferty.
Open, particularly Congressional Country Club's blue course, rewards conservative, risk-averse players.
The players remain committed to their academic work.
To commemorate Robinson's shattering of the color barrier in sports 50 years ago, no player will ever again be assigned the number 42.
Of course, if you believe that big, supposedly sophisticated players can be that foolish--or, for that matter, if you believe that they are not foolish but do foolish things because the government will always bail them out--you start to wonder whether our whole financial structure is as sound as we like to imagine.
The LAT runs a story inside by one-time biographer David Shaw that provides a bit of evidence for the claim: Shaw writes of a time that he was out at a restaurant with Chamberlain and Chamberlain's date when the player excused himself to get the phone number of a woman at another table.
These players are much better than the low-stakes <b>players</b> and take my money in a hurry.
Newsweek , picking up the "selflessness" theme, praises U.S. players who "accepted diminished roles" and offered "to do anything I'm asked for this team."
Today, players can shop their talents to the highest bidder one year after their contract expires.
The cover story totes up the huge costs of Kenneth Starr's investigation for major players and innocent bystanders alike.
But the Washington Post is a little stronger on context, pointing out that Symington was a major player in the impeachment and removal from office of Meacham.
What we get instead is a trip in the sand: Jooky in hand, a volleyball player falls flat on his face.
A third school, influenced by male sports marketing, selects certain players on the women's team and pitches them as solo stars.
To further confuse things, the LAT and NYT quote Clinton administration players as saying that the official U.S.
GE97, in addition to polls, rundowns of the players, backgrounders on salient issues, events calendars, chat groups, and a wrap up of current betting odds, allows you to build your own "party manifesto."
He tacked inspirational quotes to players' doors, emphasized what each <b>player</b> did right, and provided an "imaging" tape for each <b>player</b>, consisting of her best moves set to her favorite music.
Typically assumed to be a high-roller card game, baccarat (bah-cah-rah) is similar to blackjack, though it’s played with stricter rules, higher limits, and less player interaction.
And what's perplexing about this, particularly in light of the Microsoft case, is that mergers often have an immediate anti-competitive impact, in the simplest sense that they reduce the number of players in a market.
That they were the incarnation of the dreams of 1968 seems a stretch, to say the least, even if some of the important players came out of the original cast.
In a 1995 tape of an NFL Players Association meeting obtained by the New York Times , an association official boasts of having secretly convinced the NFL to overlook 16 positive drug tests.
The story says that as a Knick, he routinely held on to an opposing player's shorts and even garners a quote from the man 26 years later: "He was one of the dirtiest <b>players</b> I ever played against."
He apologized, but his main goal was image repair: he was accompanied, says the Post , by his agent, his accountant, his tax man, his teammates, the president of the players' union, several other advisors, and.
Despite the general consensus that DiMaggio was exactly the kind of quiet, workmanlike player that is practically gone from today's courts and fields, a sort of anti-Rodman, if you will, it's useful to note, as the WSJ does, that in 1938 DiMaggio held out for more money (he wanted at least $40,000 and the Yankees were offering $25,000.)
Player Bird was a maximalist; Coach Bird is a minimalist.
Not even Robert Altman, who parodied this sort of climax in The Player , was cynical enough to let his sellout filmmaker play the intravenous card.
Since this way of framing the conflict treats NATO but not Yugoslavia as a rational player susceptible to threats, punishment, failure, and re-evaluation, Yugoslavia is happy to encourage it.
Parcells runs his training camps and practices with a drill sergeant's discipline: He abuses and needles players to inspire them.
Lottery players, by and large, must be risk-lovers--otherwise they'd buy Treasury bonds instead of lottery tickets.
He tacked inspirational quotes to players' doors, emphasized what each <b>player</b> did right, and provided an "imaging" tape for each <b>player</b>, consisting of her best moves set to her favorite music.
Even if suppliers in other businesses will not make the specific operational changes of an apparel-maker, an increasing number are establishing information links with other channel players and combining information use with technologies and work practices to speed up order processing.
Set in a quaint olde Irish seacoast village, it tells the story of an elderly lottery player, Jackie O'Shea (Ian Bannen), who learns that one of his fifty-odd neighbors holds the winning ticket to a 7 million pound drawing.
But in the match-up between AOL and Microsoft--at least in the online space--the giant from Redmond has proved time and again to be the decidedly weaker player.
Baseball has always been about money, but even more so since the 1975 repeal of the "reserve clause ." The reserve clause bound players to teams (or the teams they were traded to) for life.
The ANC won more than 60 percent of the vote and the National Party won 20 percent, making Mandela president and de Klerk only a secondary player.
Despite the assertions of some CEOs, while one key player can make a difference, it requires a team of talented executives to add shareholder value and manage shareholder risk over time.
The greatest tribute to Bird is that his players now play as he used to.
RINGO is the ring game for ages 5 to 105 that challenges players to use a swinging motion to catch the hook on the ring.
We goad baseball player Albert Belle so much that All-Star-game manager Joe Torre must confine him to the dugout.
The maximum player salary will be capped at $14 million, with a maximum annual increase of 12 percent, and the <b>players</b>' total share of league revenues will be capped at 55 percent after three years.
Sportswriters were happy for 1) Florida State receiver Peter Warrick , the undisputed star of the game, who "redeemed" himself after last year's arrest and suspension for theft; 2) Florida State coach Bobby Bowden, who got his first undefeated season and second national championship in 40 years of coaching; and 3) the Virginia Tech players , who "put season-long criticism of their toughness to rest" with a valiant comeback attempt.
When some of his Giants players had drug problems, Parcells spent a week at a rehab center, scouting if it was good enough for his men.
well what do you think about Nolan Ryan being the first baseball player to earn a million dollars
All of the other players are given a color by the mamá: red, yellow, green, blue, or they may choose their own color.
When she decided to leave the show, her character got killed in a plane crash, and the guy playing Roman decamped, too, to be replaced by another actor about 10 years younger, six inches taller, and built like the ex-baseball player that he was.
Different channel players now share detailed information on daily sales; investments in technologies mutually benefit both retailers and suppliers; and because of the effective use of information and manufacturing technologies, risk has been reduced across the entire channel.
Although union organization has not been so extensive in retail or textiles, unions have been important players in apparel manufacturing.
And suppliers get little return out of providing customers with standardized shipping container markers if neither of these channel players has made previous investments in bar codes and EDI.
But even Unitas didn't have the season for the ages that Warner had this year while winning the NFL Most Valuable Player award and leading the Rams to the Super Bowl.
Each player is named a color, and the two leaders, the devil and the angel, <b>try</b> to gain the most <b>players</b>.
"Elders on Ice" observes the twilight careers of New York Rangers Wayne Gretzky and Mark Messier: The "greatest player ever" and the "most-driven <b>player</b> ever" are past their prime, but still know how to win.
Another is that care delivery is so granular; much of it is delivered by not-for-profit organizations and there are not just a few dominant players as in other industries.
Hungary continues to produce some good players.
Each player is named a color, and the two leaders, the devil and the angel, <b>try</b> to gain the most <b>players</b>.
3) Denver Broncos running back Terrell Davis ran for 178 yards, becoming the fourth player (along with O.J.
But the enthusiasm of players and audience is exciting in itself.
In another, a male dentist who has given one of the players two fillings stares in amazement as one teammate after another rises, zombielike, to declare, "Then I will have two fillings!"
Hence, rational players should always defect regardless of what the opponent does (in both a one shot game and for predicted responses over repeated games due to backward induction from an expected final defection), leading to the question of why cooperation emerges.
The national sport, badminton, and is played wherever a net, real or makeshift, can be set up for players to thwack the shuttlecock across to each other.
While many channel players have adopted EDI, it also represents an area of evolving practice; the amount of information that can be transmitted between retailers and suppliers has grown at the same time that the costs of transmission have fallen.
Over the past few months in my cross-divisional capacity, I have been formulating plans for Microsoft to operate as a real player in the NY/LA Media and Entertainment nexus.
While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined, knowledge-based product development process, the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively.
New players drawn by hints that Gupta-Sherman flirtation is about to catch fire.
The object of the game is to come as close as possible to 9; the only real skill involved is deciding whether to bet on the player or the bank (i.e.
The recent availability of microarray technology has made it possible to perform an extensive analysis of IL-1 modulation of genes in cells that are central players in arthritic disease.
Lewinsky has behaved with admirable restraint and dignity throughout the piece, the only player to come out entirely clean."
Golf courses at Nusa Dua and up in the mountains at the Bali Handara Kosaido Country Club are both top-class, staging tournaments which bring some of the world’s best players.
Six feet five and thin, Bin Ladin appeared to be ungainly but was in fact quite athletic, skilled as a horseman, runner, climber, and soccer player.
In war, there are two players, and each can miscalculate.
Through happier times the village has built a reputation for weaving and embroidery — still sold in the lower town — as well as for its lyre players, and this is one place where you are sure to see men in their traditional costume of high leather boots, britches, and headdress.
More likely they would invent a bunch of rules for keeping the players from spraining their ankles or getting their toes cut by pieces of glass hidden in the sand or contracting tetanus from rusty nails stuck in driftwood.
In the daytime the temple (open 8am–6pm) attracts worshipers, and its park attracts strollers and mah-jong players.
The common features within a critical success factor can become especially significant as the CIO, and other players, plan the execution of the six principles described in this guide.
Excerpts from David Halberstam's Michael Jordan: The Making of a Legend chronicle Jordan's rise from a talented but unknown high schooler to the best college player in the country.
Not surprisingly, Mohamed Atta, Ramzi Binalshibh, Marwan al Shehhi, and Ziad Jarrah would all become key players in the 9/11 conspiracy.
Each player is dealt seven cards, which are then arranged by the <b>player</b> into two piles: one five-card hand and one two-card hand.
The bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) family including ligands, receptors, and binding proteins, has emerged as a central player in ovary physiology and female fertility [ 1 ] . The BMPs represent a large subclass of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) surperfamily of ligands whose biological responses are mediated by Ser/Thr kinase receptors via the Smad-signaling molecules [ 2 ] . The mRNAs encoding several BMP family members have been identified in the murine ovary, including the ligands, BMP-2 [ 3 ] , BMP-3 [ 3 ] , BMP-3b [ 3 ] , BMP-4 [ 4 ] , BMP-6 [ 5 ] , BMP-7 [ 4 ] , BMP-15 [ 6 7 8 ] , the BMP receptors, BMPR-IA, BMPR-IB and BMPR-II [ 4 ] and the BMP binding protein, follistatin (FS) [ 9 ] . In the murine, BMP-4 and -7 mRNA have been identified in the theca interstitial cells [ 4 ] , BMP-6 and -15 in oocytes [ 5 6 7 8 ] , BMPR-IA, BMPR-IB and BMPR-II in oocytes and granulosa cells (GCs) [ 4 ] , and FS in granulosa and lutein cells [ 9 10 ] .
The only guaranteed way to get a bead on players is to watch for betting patterns to emerge.
In an effort to provide yet one more thing to bet on, players are imported from Spain to take part in this lightning-fast Basque ball game.
T > R > S > P), one enters a new game, "chicken" (also called the "snowdrift" or "hawk-dove" game), in which one no longer necessarily expects mutual defection [ 4 ] . Indeed, if R > T and S > P, then the game becomes "mutualism," in which players are expected to cooperate all the time, regardless of what the opponent does [ 7 ] .
"In a League of His Own," gushed the New York Times . However, the computer that ranks tennis players by their recent performance in tournaments elevated Andre Agassi, who lost the Wimbledon final, to the top rank, with Sampras third.
The owners gripe that players are destroying it from within by demanding too much money.
It seems the supply-side virus allows the same players to keep playing year after year, never forcing them to graduate.
A survey piece argues that Germany has replaced France as the dominant player in the European Union.
The New York Yankees acquired Roger Clemens . In exchange, they sent pitcher David Wells and two other players to the Toronto Blue Jays.
Which is more appealing to the players?
There is a term in English for a tennis player reaching a height, for a brief stretch or longer, when he cannot miss, and tennis people call it zoning . I have not heard it used in other cases, but when used it seems to equal tener duende . I do not know whether that use of duende has reached Portuguese speakers in Brazil or Portugal, but if it has not, it probably will soon, because so many Portuguese speakers are bilingual in Spanish.
"Elders on Ice" observes the twilight careers of New York Rangers Wayne Gretzky and Mark Messier: The "greatest player ever" and the "most-driven <b>player</b> ever" are past their prime, but still know how to win.
4) Without him, we're left with players who kick photographers and choke coaches.
"Surely a future Super Bowl will see players selling commercial space on their butts," says the Washington Post 's Tom Shales.
Martina Hingis and Pete Sampras won the women's and men's tennis championships at Wimbledon . Sportswriters lionized Hingis as a Wunderkind (she's 16, the youngest Wimbledon champ in a century) and Sampras as arguably the greatest player ever (he's on track to shatter the record for men's grand slam titles).
They reject the rampant individualism of "loutish male basketball and baseball players," as the New York Times ' George Vecsey puts it, and they celebrate the U.S. women's squad as a collectivist countermodel.
About 80 percent of the action will be on which team wins, but Vegas bookmakers offer more than 200 wagering options, including Player to Score First Touchdown (Eddie George, Titans, is the 9-2 favorite); the Double Result, a bet on who's ahead at the half and at the end (you can have Tennessee at the half and St. Louis at the end at 7-2); who scores first and who wins the game (you can take the Rams both ways at 5-6).
Agame is just a conflict situation with a bunch of participants, or "players."
This being a book by a player, we asked another <b>player</b> to review it.
The icon of these pro-sex feminists is Chastain, the player who posed nude (but not lasciviously) in Gear magazine, kicked the winning goal, and then tore off her jersey and bounded around the field in a black sports bra.
MLS also recruits most of its foreign players in Latin America, largely because Latin <b>players</b> are cheaper than Europeans.
In one, Baltimore Orioles fans sound off to the O's owner, demanding cheaper tickets and more dedicated players (the owner is noncommittal).
The first player with a line checked off wins, and signifies so not by shouting "bingo" but by coughing.
You might be tempted to conclude that criminals and lottery players are often the same people.
Daimler's cars feature safety innovations that Chrysler will be able to incorporate into its vehicles and, most intriguingly, Daimler has been a pioneer in fuel-cell technology, which means that Chrysler will immediately become the dominant American player in developing noncombustion-engine cars.
Sportswriters throw up their hands and conclude with banalities: Parcells is a "great motivator" or a "players' coach."
Here the convict is Jake Shuttlesworth (Denzel Washington), and his mission is to go into the projects of Coney Island, where his son Jesus (played by the 22-year-old Milwaukee Bucks guard Ray Allen) is a high-school basketball player of near divine abilities.
Five bucks per look up would bankrupt frequent users--Scrabble players or copy editors, for example.
In a league where head coaches delegate everything to assistants, Parcells makes a policy of trying to talk to every <b>player</b> every day.
Defenders see a double standard: Critics don't blame white players (Steffi Graf and Mary Pierce) for their fathers' misbehavior, so why should Williams be blamed for her father's?
You'd never guess she's a lethal player of poker.
The "New Establishment 1997" ranks "the 50 most powerful players of the Information Age."
Or maybe it is that the competition is so stiff that no single player can dominate like Arnold Palmer or Jack Nicklaus or Tom Watson did in their heydays.
6) After the story collapsed, "I was basically told to be a good team player and not say anything."
"Bill, I think, has proven … that a basketball player, baseball <b>player</b>, football <b>player</b> are very intelligent people and that type of stigma attached to you is not worthy."
Other stories profile a superagent winning mammoth contracts for his baseball player clients, a rookie quarterback learning how to play the endorsements game, and NBA Commissioner David Stern, who micromanages the league's image, coordinating everything from media coverage to promotional "sock giveaways."
President, you've met now with the players and the owners.
Black players feel that white owners don't respect them and are treating them as ghetto thugs who don't deserve their high salaries.
Reduce the stakes, and players will leave the table.
You could undoubtedly write a more interesting book about Rodman than you could about, say, Michael Jordan--who, despite being the greatest player of all time, is bland as toast off the court, and a tougher nut to crack in any case.
Meanwhile, the World Cup coverage exalts players who focus on their families.
The first black major-leaguer had to be exceptional, because a merely good player wouldn't have been able to convince people of what they didn't want to be convinced of, namely, that black <b>players</b> could play.
(And I thought he was just a basketball player and TV huckster.)
This is not because Microsoft-based systems are necessarily better, but because Microsoft is the biggest player, and that's what companies are going to focus their efforts on when writing drivers and software; there are, after all, only limited resources for writing drivers and front-end software.
The Braves have eight foreign players on their roster, compared to the Yankees' five.
Other stories profile a superagent winning mammoth contracts for his baseball player clients, a rookie quarterback learning how to play the endorsements game, and NBA Commissioner David Stern, who micromanages the league's image, coordinating everything from media coverage to promotional "sock giveaways."
As zookeepers for this freakish menagerie, kids are supposed to collect all 151 Pokémon, store them in little Pokéballs, and use them to fight other players' Pokémon.
He doesn't really want to run, but perhaps he can use the threat of a candidacy to make himself a behind-the-scenes player, the guy who delivers the left to Al Gore or Bill Bradley.
The first black major-leaguer had to be exceptional, because a merely good player wouldn't have been able to convince people of what they didn't want to be convinced of, namely, that black <b>players</b> could play.
Pandas (misinformed players only)--0
Another thing about these games that makes me nervous is that two players in cahoots at adjacent computers could rig the table, playing in tandem and driving up the bets when they know they've got the hand won.
Interesting as that trade-off may be, it's largely irrelevant to the main point, which is that players like big prizes and long odds.
"He was one of the dirtiest players I ever played against," Marin told the Post . "He held and pushed and tugged.
The reason this is a problem, obviously, is that the Yankees are much richer than the Pirates and can therefore afford to pay more for players, which means they'll be able to lure the best <b>players</b> to New York.
But Instinct is the work of players.
Thus, for any player, 75 percent of the game is spent doing nothing at all.
Watts is a black man; a football player; a Republican; a businessman; a member of Congress; a family man (despite admitted mistakes as a teen-ager); and countless other things that have all served to mold him into a specific unique individual.
Although the telecom industry on the one hand is succumbing to merger-mania, on the other hand it's seeing new players spring up regularly, and it's now seeing wannabes such as RCN and Qwest becoming real contenders.
Largent was the more successful football player and is a more extreme conservative.
I decide on PlanetPoker.com because Mike Caro, a pro poker player whom I've met and like, endorses it.
A player won if his number matched an agreed-upon daily variable made known through some public channel--for example, the last three digits of the total amount wagered at a given racetrack, which anyone could learn through the sports pages.
I have asked Sam Snead and Bob Cousy what they did for a living, and at my first Blackhawks game it took me 40 minutes to realize they players were on skates.
The media responded with worshipful saturation coverage, reciting his records (six championships, 10 scoring titles, five Most Valuable Player Awards, and the highest per-game scoring average ever) and replaying highlights, especially his final shot, which won last year's championship.
In an editorial Monday, Le Figaro of Paris said that, by contrast, Milosevic has shown great talent as a chess player.
For another, mainland-connected players generally are able to buy in at much better terms than anyone else--certainly at terms better than their balance sheets suggest they deserve.
5) Without him, we're left with players and owners whose greed has nearly destroyed the sport.
And it transcends color and gender: The player who grabs the ball, dodging a spry Eiffel Tower, is white and female.
He doesn't like its glitz and disapproves of young players' greed.
In bank craps, a command from the stickman or boxman to a player to pick up and throw the dice with a single hand.
In "Boycott Nike and Reebok," Robert Wright wants shoe companies to sign players who will help inner-city kids conform their conduct to the expectations of a suburban job interview.
But if there were three or four teams in New York, the monopoly rents exacted by the Yankees would decline, which means they wouldn't be able to pay so much for players, which means it would be easier to run a team successfully in a small market.
College basketball coach Al McGuire once said that, whereas many coaches took white players and <b>tried</b> to get them to play black, he took black <b>players</b> and <b>tried</b> to get them to play white.
By 1980 it was also being used widely in baseball, especially to welcome a player to the plate after a home run (and in this respect is similar to the hugs and other celebratory gestures used by British football <b>players</b>).
This year, the average player salary is $1.
The deal still must be ratified by the owners and players.
Everybody's coverage continues to focus heavily on the DJIA, which is a basket of only 30 stocks, some of them hardly key players in the emerging world economy, instead of broader market measures like the S&P 500.
The Vikings then recovered an onside kick by Eddie Murray, the league's oldest player, who had been dumped by several teams.
"As a professional football player, he'd been physically threatened by other <b>players</b> for refusing to join a strike."
Bob Greene reports that Jordan--the greatest basketball player of all time--was motivated by a sports fantasy: that he'd be batting for the White Sox in his first professional baseball game, and would hit a home run, round the bases and, never stopping running, just head straight from home plate to the tunnel leading out of the stadium, disappearing in front of the awed crowd.
The reason, basically, is that when there are increasing returns an industry will tend to become dominated by at most a few large players, and these <b>players</b> are bound to realize that they have some price-setting power.
Latin players also appeal to MLS's best fans.
Below is  Slate 's entire scorecard, which ranks 31 of Flytrap's key players: The scale runs from -10 to +10.
Today coaches coach at the whim of players.
" 'Hockey,' performed to Cole Porter's 'Every Time We Say Goodbye' and to music by Alkistis Protopsaltis, is a gliding in-line skating duet for the deliciously goofy Tony Guglietti as the Player and Cheryl Lewis as the Elusive Puck who tames him."
With adrenaline pumping, in the moment of realizing the dream of being a hero, with memories of the soccer greats running through her head, she did what soccer players do when they can't contain themselves.
The WP and NYT report that finger-pointing among the international players has begun before the crisis's resolution.
A natural monopoly means that due to the nature of the product and market, the industry will be dominated by a single player.
Popular mostly with football and basketball players.
A piece recounts the Scrabble showdown between the world's best players and a computer programmed with all the words in the Scrabble dictionary.
Eliminating a key player in that market could reduce the pressure for price cuts.
Defeat of Al D'Amato means IRS less likely to audit returns of particularly vituperative players.
The reason this is a problem, obviously, is that the Yankees are much richer than the Pirates and can therefore afford to pay more for players, which means they'll be able to lure the best <b>players</b> to New York.
I was disappointed that there was no entry for Wilson Goode, the first black mayor of Philadelphia, or for Dick Allen, the first black superstar baseball player for the Phillies, who was traded to St. Louis in the deal that was to bring Curt Flood to Philadelphia, the deal that Flood used as a pretext for challenging the reserve clause.
Firstly--not that this makes Pippen's decision any better--Pippen felt that he, ostensibly the Bulls' best player at the time, should be on the floor as an option for the last shot, not inbounding the ball.
Anyone who has ever spent any length of time in the field for any minimal amount of innings in the game of baseball, or along the bench in the dugout next to the baseball field--and that now includes my daughter Jessica and those like her who insist on playing hardball rather than what is still designated “ girls' softball”--has heard that unique baseball language designed to get the goat of the opposition and/or to encourage the players on your own side.
One of the U.S. players, Tiffeny Milbrett, was dead right when she said lives were changed by World Cup--and not just here in America, but around the world.
First, if you didn't know who the two were and you were told that one of them was, as a youth, one of the great basketball players in the country, you wouldn't have picked Bill Bradley.
Baseball is also, incidentally, the only sport where players can smoke during the game; you used to catch appealing glimpses on television of some professional athlete puffing away.
The proposed merger between MCI WorldCom and Sprint obviously raises important antitrust questions, since the devouring of the country's third-largest long-distance player by the second-largest might very well not be in the best interests of consumers.
Bird's coaching philosophy, which he repeats over and over, is "It's a player's game."
Normally, when one of three big players in an industry buys one of its two competitors, you hear rumblings about possible antitrust violations and the deleterious effects of lack of competition.
The Post says it's not surprising that the rise of non-professional, home-based Internet trading can encourage the occasional bankrupted player to "go Nasdaq"--as Mark Barton's murders have been termed.
Sunday afternoon, 20 of history's greatest basketball players headlined a Madison Square Garden fund-raiser for Bill Bradley.
In college, the players use up their eligibility.
In one, Baltimore Orioles fans sound off to the O's owner, demanding cheaper tickets and more dedicated players (the owner is noncommittal).
The source for greatness is the individual player.
Bird, a thing of beauty and a joy forever as a player, is turning out to be a fabulous coach, too.
He was remembered as one of football's funniest and most generous players, and his nickname, Sweetness, "was a tribute to his personality more than his running style" ( ESPN ). Chicago Bears Assistant Coach Fred O'Connor, who believed Payton was destined to be a legend from the outset, said, "God must have taken a chisel and said, 'I'm going to make me a halfback.
When MLS launched, U.S. players were so grateful to get work that they accepted MLS's terms of employment.
After the death of his father, Jordan took up the doomed mission of becoming a professional baseball player.
In 1973, the American League added the designated hitter , a player who bats in place of the pitcher but does not play in the field.
World Cup Chairwoman Donna de Varona lauds the American players' "humility."
Case repeatedly says that policy will be more important than technology in shaping his industry, and he is striving to become a D.C. player.
Parcells' players and assistant coaches follow him loyally from city to city.
And for MLS to make itself a top-class league, it needs to spend tens of millions of dollars to steal European players and protect its own stars.
Proponents of realignment argue that it exploits natural regional rivalries and decreases travel time for players.
Obviously, it's easy for me to complain about players who aren't big on self-effacement or deference to authority.
Time 's cover story celebrates Michael Jordan's reign as the greatest basketball player ever and weighs the evidence about whether His Airness will retire.
News accounts recited his résumé--the Hall of Fame, nine World Series championships, 11 All-Star games, and three American League Most Valuable Player awards--but focused on his record 56 game hitting steak in 1941, which still stands today.
Bird is quiet, has short meetings, and never chews out his players publicly.
If Hamm can score from 25 yards out on a shot struck with either foot on a full gallop, or tennis player Venus Williams can hit a serve 127 mph--faster than Andre Agassi was serving at Wimbledon this year--doesn't that force us to reconsider what it means to "play like a girl"?
The numbers game was an illegal daily lottery--particularly popular in Harlem--in which, typically, players chose a number from zero to 999 and placed bets through "policy banks."
He is a popular trumpet player with his own band.
Whichever player successfully frames the questions at stake will capture public opinion and political support, and thereby win.
It is difficult to explain to a non-Brit just how funny this misdefinition is--almost as funny as Webster's attempt at defining wicket-keeper : the player in cricket who stands with a bat to protect the wicket from the ball.
In corporate staff meetings, the Wall Street Journal reports, employees everywhere pursue a game called Buzzword Bingo, in which players score by quietly taking note whenever a jargon term ("proactive," "incent," "interface") is wielded by their bosses.
Casanova was also a fervent card player and was soon invited to play a few robers of visk (or wisk).
The player who used to be involved in every play has become a coach who is hardly involved in any of them.
I'm sure Thomas will be remembered in Atlanta this week at the Super Bowl, especially today as the reporters descend on the players and coaches for a reaction.
Although I seldom work crossword puzzles, this is a must book for the crossword-puzzle addict or even the occasional player.
By contrast, Larry Bird, a white player of low-income origins, was a noted trash talker.)
Under Bird, he has settled in happily as a Pacers role player.
The reason, basically, is that when there are increasing returns an industry will tend to become dominated by at most a few large players, and these <b>players</b> are bound to realize that they have some price-setting power.
(47) batting a thousand: “Baseball players have batting averages based on the number of times they hit the ball when they're up at bat.
General conclusions: 1) Star player David Beckham was an idiot to have committed the foul that got him kicked out of the game ("an astonishing display of petulance," says the Mirror ); 2) Beckham's infraction was harmless and did not warrant an ejection; and 3) 18-year-old phenom Michael Owen is a brilliant talent.
With the Patriots and the Jets, for example, Parcells demanded that players spend most of their off-season in training: Those who resisted--and some always did--got cut or traded.
Those players who stick with Parcells adore his tough love.
This dilemma has occasioned anguished breast-beating ever since the introduction of free agency into the player market 22 years ago.
And though today's top-ranking players earn six-figure incomes from their prizes and commercial endorsements, many of the great <b>players</b> of tomorrow may even now be benefiting from government's biggest covert subsidy of sports and the arts--unemployment insurance (and perhaps the occasional food stamp).
The NYT runs a front-page feature by sports long-form legend Robert Lipsyte on the first major league baseball player to come out extensively to the press (in a previous article in the Miami Herald ), a retired utility <b>player</b> named Billy Bean who played with the Tigers, Dodgers and Padres.
If, on occasion, Lee's serpentine camera seems more active than the players he's shooting, he knows just when to speed the play up, when to slow it down, and when to let it unfold in real time.
Instead, the Thernstroms stress the reduction in racial prejudice openly expressed by whites, "the rise of the black middle class," and the extent to which blacks have become "major players" in American politics.
Disney CEO Michael Eisner was there, and tennis player Martina Navratilova and hockey <b>player</b> Wayne Gretzky and basketball <b>player</b> Bill Russell--though Culturebox only learned of their attendance from the press release she picked up as she left.
The scene moves to the real world of real players and real coaches, and our footballer, still wearing his No.
He tacked inspirational quotes to players' doors, emphasized what each <b>player</b> did right, and provided an "imaging" tape for each <b>player</b>, consisting of her best moves set to her favorite music.
News accounts agree that Arafat has finally shed his image as a terrorist and is now being honored by the White House not only as a virtual head of state but as the indispensable player in the peace process.
The Braves' foreign players hail from the Dominican Republic and Venezuela.
In addition, as I've pointed out here before, the auto industry is facing severe problems with excess capacity, so reducing the number of players in the global marketplace may decrease the <b>chance</b> of dramatic overbuilding.
And finally there was Colin Montgomerie, a multiple failure in major tournaments, surely the best player in the world never to have won one of these things.
Sabol, a former college football player, says, "That's the way I wanted to show the game, with the snot spraying, the sweat flying.
Martina Hingis and Pete Sampras won the women's and men's tennis championships at Wimbledon . Sportswriters lionized Hingis as a Wunderkind (she's 16, the youngest Wimbledon champ in a century) and Sampras as arguably the greatest player ever (he's on track to shatter the record for men's grand slam titles).
J.C. (Julius Caesar) Watts was not Largent's equal as a football player.
The spins: 1) Why did it take the players so long to reach a deal?
Two players, on the count of three, form an approximation of something with their hands and announce what that something is: for instance, a butterfly vs.
"We had a tradition along the Eastern Seaboard of horse players.
In 1975, the average player made $35,000.
As a player, Bradley was a gifted shooter with remarkable stamina, but he lacked the foot speed and upper-body strength of many NBA athletes.
News accounts recited his résumé--the Hall of Fame, nine World Series championships, 11 All-Star games, and three American League Most Valuable Player awards--but focused on his record 56 game hitting steak in 1941, which still stands today.
Equality feminists worry that the players' exploitation of their physiques is self-objectifying and retro.
Explorations along the west coast of Africa in the mid-15th century established a flourishing slave trade, and Lagos was a key player in human commerce.
Keno is a variation of bingo in which the player chooses numbers to bet on before the draw is made.
It is one of the most exclusive, too, though somewhat democratized these days by the groups of boules players on its graveled side paths.
For antiques, the dominant player is the Desa chain (though there are many smaller, independent dealers as well).
He couldn't keep a band together, and he was being outpaced by younger players, such as pianist Cecil Taylor and saxophonist Ornette Coleman, who wanted to liberate jazz from harmonic conventions.
Sepak Takraw is a kind of volleyball played with a ball made of rattan, which the players can hit with every part of their body except hands and forearms.
The word matachines can translate to mean “clowning” or “trickery,” but can also mean “puppet player,” “jester,” and “buffoon.”
The paper reports that Thompson's players now achieve only a 59 percent graduation rate compared to an overall rate for freshmen at the school of about 90 percent.
The lightning-fast Basque version of handball, jai-alai, is played in Acapulco at the Frontón, where tournaments attract numerous fans of the peloteiros as the players are called.
In such situations, variation in payoffs among individual players is again likely to affect the outcome and the probability of cooperation.
And as far as cricket is concerned, Caribbean players have turned the tables on their colonial mentors and now produce some of the best <b>players</b> in the world, easily capable of soundly outplaying the Brits.
So this is the case for leaving Microsoft alone: High-tech competition is, necessarily, a competition that ends up being won by a handful of players.
With minimum wagers as low as 5¢ and a distinct lack of potentially impatient players waiting for you to decide your next move, electronic gaming is an alternative that many novice gamblers never move beyond.
Recent evidence indicates that the cytokine, leukemia inhibitory factor (LIF) and its functional binding to the high affinity receptor, a heterodimer between low-affinity LIFR and glycoprotein 130 (LIFR:gp130), are players within the HPA cascade of events.
I have long maintained that in the '70s and early '80s the Yankees acquired and promoted players based on how their names worked in headlines.
For instance, in the center of the courtyard is the Pachisi Court, a huge chessboard for the game of pachisi, where Akbar and his friends are said to have used human “pieces” — each player using a team of four slave-girls in different costumes.
The structural and biochemical properties of PfPP5 described herein are hallmarks of the PP5 class, and thus establish PfPP5 as a likely player in parasitic signal transduction, and hence a potential target for antimalarial drug design.
Nearly everyone knows the game of bingo, the mini-lottery in which players <b>try</b> to line up a horizontal or vertical row of randomly drawn numbers.
Treatments of Prisoners Dilemma, and many other types of games, assume identical payoff matrices (or expected utility), for all players.
He now acknowledges that power has shifted to the global market and its private players, who, like George Soros, possess the power to overturn government currency decisions.
And as far as cricket is concerned, Caribbean players have turned the tables on their colonial mentors and now produce some of the best <b>players</b> in the world, easily capable of soundly outplaying the Brits.
While our study suggests that SKP2 is an important player in p27 regulation in prostate cancer cells, recent studies have also implicated another protein, CSN5/JAB1, in p27 regulation [ 54 55 ] . CSN5 is a subunit of the COP9/signalosome (CSN) complex [ 56 57 58 59 ] , but also forms distinct complexes apparently lacking CSN subunits [ 55 60 61 62 ] . Overexpression of CSN5 in NIH3T3 cells causes p27 export from the nucleus and ectopic degradation [ 54 ] . Notably, like SKP2 [ 33 36 37 38 ] , CSN5 was found to be overexpressed in cancers devoid of p27 [ 63 ] . However, our studies did not reveal any effect of MIB on CSN5 expression.
After all, Bergman, a contract player at the Times , is portrayed by Al Pacino in The Insider and a lesser outfit would have plugged that fact to the (Mira)max.
If a payoff has an expected (mean) value of p , but residual error variance ∈ dependent on the player's utility function, then the actual payoff p' will be:
Our perception of players from nations with more homogenous populations, however, is more orthodox, and we are inclined to be comfortable with the assumptions that Leconte ought to be French, Chesnokov Russian, Sanchez Spanish, Lindstrom Swedish, Sukova Czech, Haarhuis Dutch, etc.
The French team that won the 1998 World Cup was deemed by some unsuitable to represent France because of the mixed heritage of the players.
Organizational support/teamwork: The executive regularly participates in activities and projects intended to further the goals of the Service Delivery Network and VBA as a whole while functioning as a dedicated and skillful team player.
Timesmen don't pay much attention to the Post , except to periodically raid the paper--as if it were a minor league team--for some of its better players.
Tee off early: At times, you’ll spend a lot of time waiting for players ahead of you.
It is interesting to briefly consider public goods games, given that they are essentially a generalization of PD to several players in a group.
Other studies pushed the iterated PD concept further to identify optimal strategies when players' decisions are not made simultaneously [ 11 12 13 ] or when <b>players</b> have payoffs that are not symmetrical [ 14 ] .
Or, since optimal choices would be highly dependent on the identity of players, can single dominant strategies still be devised to deal effectively with opponents with variable payoffs (and therefore with unpredictable strategies).
If anything, the multiplicity of players only reinforces the recommendations that GAO has made in the past regarding the urgent need for a comprehensive threat, risk, and vulnerability assessment and a national homeland security strategy that can provide direction and utility at all levels of government and across all sectors of the country.
It quickly became clear that Yousef had been a central player in the attack.
A variety of outside players other than auditors have been involved in and bear differing degrees of responsibility for some of the recent business failures.
IHS is a major player, with over $265 million of construction activity in
This means much of the mail could not be handled by local niche players or even regional cream skimmers.
Other studies pushed the iterated PD concept further to identify optimal strategies when players' decisions are not made simultaneously [ 11 12 13 ] or when <b>players</b> have payoffs that are not symmetrical [ 14 ] .
During the later part of my tenure with Andersen, I expressed my concerns publicly in several partner meetings and privately to various internal players; however, as someone who had not "grown up" with the firm, I found that my actions to speak up - - especially when my views were not consistent with Arthur Andersen business unit leadership's preferences - - were somewhat counter-cultural.
For example, if rank changes are common, do players playing one type of game in a population of mixed games tend overall to encourage or discourage cooperation in their neighbours?
But even when players could not freely sell their services on the open market, the richest teams still got the best <b>players</b>.
One player, Kristine Lilly, says the team is "like a second family.
It's important to you that they think you're a team player, after all, you are a political appointee.
The story says that as a Knick, he routinely held on to an opposing player's shorts and even garners a quote from the man 26 years later: "He was one of the dirtiest <b>players</b> I ever played against."
2 to 3 players.
The problem is that, quite often, players emerge early in the day from their seashore abodes, put up a net, and then return to bed, thus denying large sections of beach to nonplayers.
Everyone agrees that the politically heated match was marked by excellent sportsmanship from fans and players on both sides.
Indeed, copper futures have been the object of massive speculative selling by the likes of George Soros, precisely because informed players believed that Hamanaka was keeping the price at artificially high levels, and that it would eventually plunge.
Thanks to Gingrich, Netanyahu "is himself a player in Washington's power games, participating in the definition of American Middle East policy," Le Monde said.
Top players have found that the best serve comes from the tip of the racket.
On the Dallas Cowboys, for example, hot-dogging players like Michael Irvin and Deion Sanders, not the coach, guide the team.
The players could be poker pals, oligopolists competing to corner a market, or nuclear powers <b>trying</b> to dominate each other.
The National Basketball Association banned all-star player Latrell Sprewell for a year.
Dow 8000 is there also for the LAT , the WP , and the Wall Street Journal . (But not, somewhat surprisingly, for the NYT .) The campaign fundraising hearings make it at the LAT , WP , and NYT . The Versace killer manhunt makes it at each of those papers and at USAT . And the LAT and WP each have front-page stories on whether or not House Republicans are trying to oust Newt Gingrich (the <b>players</b> aren't saying).
During the mid- and late-'70s, NASL lured some of the very best players in the world to America--Pele, Franz Beckenbauer, George Best, Johan Cruyff--and flirted with being one of the world's top leagues.
Arounder is defined--in a handy glossary included with my press notes--as "[a] player who knows all the angles and earns his living at the poker table.
Also, a story examines the proliferation of 300-pound players in the NFL.
6 million--less than half of what a top European player earns.
"She's the toughest goddamn player I've ever played with or against," Chastain blurted.
The reason for this crucial role is that in the 1990s a handful of highly leveraged investors became key, even dominant, players in a number of financial markets.
Apparently, he's a good guy, one of those players who is great about charities and really into his community.
Doubles Wild (TM) is a new luck and strategy game in which players <b>try</b> to get three markers in a row in as many places as possible.
The fourth-year forward hopes to shed his deferential reputation: "I think I can be the best player in the NBA, and I want to show it."
The Pentagon's interest in keeping its weapons supply free from interruptions, meanwhile, means that no major player can be allowed to go under.
Telecommunications, defense, aerospace, mass media: In all these industries the number of players has been significantly reduced over the last three years.
The human players found three nine-letter words in AEEGINTRS.
The maximum player salary will be capped at $14 million, with a maximum annual increase of 12 percent, and the <b>players</b>' total share of league revenues will be capped at 55 percent after three years.
An accompanying piece doubts we will see another hoopster like Jordan--his dedication to his team and to improving his game is unmatched by today's young players.
All these stories note that Northrop's stock price went up nearly 25 percent on the news, but none delves into the question of whether any of the major players in or out of government who affect defense procurement are Northrop stockholders.
The Wall Street Journal reports that when President Clinton recently visited players before a Washington-Seattle NBA game, Supersonic Greg Anthony drew cheers from teammates by asking when the capital gains tax cut takes effect.
What does it say about a team when its best player is its owner?
Since the game never favored the players, the "bankers" naturally amassed large profits.
In "Frame Game," William Saletan analyzes how the various players are struggling to position Monica Lewinsky in the public mind.
Players are bombarded with bottles.
All six of America's top-ranking male players got their higher education thanks to the splendid network of colleges and universities that their home state maintains.
The NFL and NBA decreased the disparities between large- and small-market teams with salary caps that limit player salaries.
But Milliken is the biggest player in this game, and following the money trails that lead back to him is a pretty good way to understand how this particular piece of the world really works.
I'm about as good a swimmer as I am a ping pong player.
The players are Clinton (the object of desire), Morris (the mistress), and the Democratic Party (the wronged wife): "She doesn't understand her man, she can't fulfill his deepest desire (to get re-elected), she will inevitably drag him down.
But Rose struggled, pouted mightily, feuded with coaches, and generally demoralized himself and the players around him.
"Wilt the Stilt," widely considered the best player of all time, is the only one ever to score 100 points in a game.
Similarly, when dictionaries are all online, Random House could hold up the world's Scrabble players and copy editors.
Thus was Henry Kravis, co-founder of the leveraged-buyout firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, introduced to the viewing public in the HBO film version of the 1980s business classic Barbarians at the Gate . The story of KKR's successful but ill-fated LBO of RJR Nabisco, Barbarians offered an indelible portrayal of KKR (and its competitors and allies) as made up of insatiable deal makers and game players.
With Africana , where Gates and Appiah, rather sentimentally and opportunistically, see themselves as the descendants of Du Bois, whose unfilled dream was to produce such a book, Gates seems to have cornered the market on black reference books that shape the canon of black studies, that define the field and its major players.
The same might also be said of Nintendo's rise from the dead and of Canon's emergence as a key player in what's now called the "imaging" market, thanks primarily to its aggressive introduction of new technology and its relatively unusual alliances with U.S. companies.
Soccer has always been perceived as vaguely un-American: It's too low-scoring, there's too much cooperation, the players are too small and too Euro, it looks bad on television.
) Notwithstanding everyone's reluctance, Lehrman got several minutes of film that brought dozens of bit players and their world to life--the seductive Sandor Ferenczi at a caf, (he once conducted affairs with a patient and her mother at the same time), the warm and animated Princess Marie Bonaparte graciously introducing everybody to everybody else at tea parties (she later rescued Freud from the Nazis), a dashing and alarmingly radiant Wilhelm Reich (he lated invented orgone therapy).
The Yankees owner no longer fires managers three weeks into the season, and his relationship with players and other employees is now intense but cordial.
In one ad, a player goes out on a date, and her teammates tag along.
Maybe, just as he helped revive pro basketball as a player in the early '80s, he can revive the game as a coach in the late '90s, saving it for a generation of kids who never saw Larry Legend play.
Jordan had been outplayed by their Calbert Cheaney, a streaky player.
Mike is supposed to be an honest connoisseur of card playing nature, a master whose expertise derives from spotting "tells," from "watching the player, not the cards."
Players express their appreciation to the Lambeau fans by hurtling into their midst, for just one moment becoming one of them.
At that point, stars seized control of their own careers, and the talent agent became a major Hollywood player.
"In an era when the egos of male athletes are dwarfed only by their paychecks, the World Cup women, minimum wagers by pro-sports standards, reminded the country that sports superstars can be gracious and grateful," coos Newsweek . CNN's Bruce Morton observes approvingly that unlike male athletes, the female players don't "have million dollar contracts or big shoe deals.
Players in the online role-playing game Ultima now auction their virtual gold pieces for real cash on eBay.
For true instinct, you must turn to Mike Figgis, an English director ( Leaving Las Vegas , 1995, One Night Stand , 1997) who's defiantly not a player and whose pixilated, semi-autobiographical, semi-allegorical The Loss of Sexual Innocence would not have got past the mall focus groups that evidently embraced Instinct . It nearly didn't get past the screening that I caught at Manhattan's indie-friendly Angelika Film Center, which was marked by uneasy throat clearing and lots of walkouts.
It seems that her visit, too late for seeing any of her son's stellar pitching, was the fruit of three weeks of negotiations, including a written plea to Cuban officials signed by the Marlin players.
White Sox) and showcase the sport's stars in more cities, thereby boosting attendance and merchandise sales, which, in turn, will enable owners to satisfy players' skyrocketing salary demands.
The peg to Kuczynski's article was Altman's apparently major role in the CBS-Viacom deal, on which "Evercore earned an estimated $10 million fee as the principal adviser to CBS," and with which "Altman sealed his growing reputation as a politically connected player on the media merger scene."
Had he done so, it would probably not have surprised the commentators who saw the $311 million purchase of the franchise by Murdoch's News Corp. as final evidence of the sacrifice of the national pastime to the greed and disloyalty of players and owners.
4) Three million dollars for a baseball makes sense because players are beginning to get $100 million contracts.
Companies that seek recognition as world-class players sometimes move hastily into international acquisitions and alliances.
O'Neal's Lakers just got blown out of the playoffs by perhaps the most suburban (and ethnically whitest) team in the league, the Utah Jazz--whose black superstar, Karl Malone, is another good citizen and great player who gets dissed by the shoe companies.
He called the Wizards "underachieving;" said his agent, David Falk, was "a pain in the ass;" wondered how "scared" his players would be to practice against him; and called all his new employees "disposable."
And though today's top-ranking players earn six-figure incomes from their prizes and commercial endorsements, many of the great <b>players</b> of tomorrow may even now be benefiting from government's biggest covert subsidy of sports and the arts--unemployment insurance (and perhaps the occasional food stamp).
These movies are visual, musical, and verbal dances in which even the most minor player and the tiniest detail move to the main tune.
It's also surprising because Bird the Coach is not much like Bird the Player, at least not in the ways you might expect.
Reinforcing the idea is the first candidate--Washington Bullet Gheorghe Muresan, who, besides being the NBA's tallest player ever, is known as one of its least articulate: The Bullets use him in an ad whose entire point is that he can't even manage to recommend that viewers buy tickets to a Bullets game.
The author, Jeff Benedict, claims that a study he helped conduct shows that 1 out of 5 NFL players has been charged with a serious crime.
Not to mention his decision once there to meet with the team and inspire the players to victory by comparing the final day's competition to the Alamo.
President, why did you invite the players and owners to the White House in the first place?"
Watching the French Open Tennis Championships in June 1990, I noted that there were players with the following last names, and readers are invited to guess at the country each represented: Boetsch, Champion, Herreman, Pierce, Van Lottum , and Winogradsky . The one answer for all is France!
There have been observant players even in the majors, most notably the great Sandy Koufax, who declined to play on Yom Kippur.
Cynics advised him to retire before the impending salary-cap war between players and team owners brings the NBA to a grinding halt.
Still, while the psychic business model is uncomplicated, its very simplicity poses a very real problem to the dominant players in the field, since it means that the barriers to entry are remarkably low.
Kentucky, the defending champion, has staggered through despite injuries that have reduced its roster to eight players.
MLS players can't auction themselves to the highest bidder.
Each team has an "owner-operator," but the league itself owns the players.
Lemann identifies two key players, James Bryant Conant, the president of Harvard, and Henry Chauncey, a Harvard administrator who went on to become the head the Educational Testing Service.
Photographs of: Donald Trump by Peter Morgan/Reuters; Natalie Portman by Keith Hamshere/Lucasfilm Ltd./Reuters; New York Yankees players by Gary Hershorn/Reuters; KLA member by Hazir Reka/Reuters.
All along, Michael Isikoff was a player in this story, and he has written a <b>player</b>'s book.
A weaker version of Chinook had previously lost to the legendary Marion Tinsley, a retired university math teacher considered the greatest checkers player of all time, who had to withdraw from a 1994 rematch because of the pancreatic cancer that eventually killed him.
Currently, teams in small television markets can't afford to pay great players and thus can't compete.
It's been interesting to me, for example, that after all the rejoicing about how nice it is to have Jordan back in the NBA just a year after his retirement as a player, the next thing that most of his fans fretted about was whether his involvement with the sad-sack Wizards will eventually cloud his legend.
I think it was the game against North Korea when, in celebration of a goal, one of the players did a running flip-flop-flip, a common soccer-player's celebration.
The NYT runs a front-page feature by sports long-form legend Robert Lipsyte on the first major league baseball player to come out extensively to the press (in a previous article in the Miami Herald ), a retired utility <b>player</b> named Billy Bean who played with the Tigers, Dodgers and Padres.
17) Finally, to raise our profile as media players, Motorola StarTAC cell phones will be issued to all media employees.
Leaving aside the fact that IBM would not even consider doing this and risking its credibility and reputation, it is a preposterous charge because whoever stepped in to help the machine would be a better player than Kasparov.
In basketball, where teams are constituted by the season, each player looking out for his own career doesn't appear to harm the overall quality of the game.
I look at the second clarinet player.
None of his players was heard to say the same about their ex-coach.
Japanese companies own more than 80 percent of the Asian car market, excluding Korea, and are dominant players in most other industrial categories.
The U.S. players were humiliated and, in contrast to American post-major-victory tradition, did not attribute the outcome to Jesus Christ.
Dennis Rodman is (or, rather, was) the most colorful, bizarre and interesting player in professional basketball--and he was also a helluva talent.
Each player has several strategy options to choose from.
He forbids his assistant coaches from talking to , and discourages his players from doing so.
Once players played at the whim of coaches.
At USA Today , the Iraq combat is on the front below the fold, Cambodia is nowhere in sight and the lead is the real possibility that the NBA season will be canceled combined with a warning from the head of the players' union that if so, the <b>players</b> might start their own league.
Cobb beat his wife, his children, his teammates, opposing players, umpires, clubhouse attendants, waiters, and store clerks.
The game's current stars declared Woods the best player in the world and possibly in history.
(Her path to Washington was cleared by the fact that her cousin Nicholas Ferraro was the Queens district attorney and a political player.)
What player gets arrested for a felony during the actual game (Marshall Faulk, Rams, is a long shot at 20-1).
This is the political version of the basketball moment when an exasperated player turns to the ref and points out his opponent's alleged foul.
The Riady for Prime Time Players
MLS also recruits most of its foreign players in Latin America, largely because Latin <b>players</b> are cheaper than Europeans.
Losing players have no choice.
Martina Hingis and Pete Sampras won the women's and men's tennis championships at Wimbledon . Sports writers lionized Hingis as a Wunderkind (she's 16, the youngest Wimbledon champ in a century) and Sampras as arguably the greatest player ever (he's on track to shatter the record for men's grand slam titles).
Russia 1, Old Media 0.) Newsweek 's Russia coverage includes sketches of the new Russian political players plus a profile of shady oligarch Boris Berezovsky.
I pushed the thoughts of my football player away and focused on the words coming out of my mouth.
Oh like the football player?
Floyd did not produce the kind of offense the Expos expected from him, so Omar Minaya, the Expos' aggressive rookie general manager, turned around and sent him to the Red Sox in exchange two South Korean pitchers and a player yet to be named.
deadline for making trades without first getting waivers on players.
But as the day wore on, the Red Sox tried harder and by Tuesday night were able to get the player they wanted for their lineup.
EX-HOG OFFERS JUMP-START AND HELPS CHANGE LIVES WASHINGTON With the barrage of crack cocaine-connected killings in the 1980s came the realization that young people were too often full-fledged players in the violence.
These aren't just the minor leaguers in Sacramento, but the big league players in Washington.
Apparently, he is a player's representative now.
Several characteristics of the independent film industry favour boundarylessness, including the uncertainty in the marketplace, the limited project duration, the lack of vertical integration among industry players, and the excess supply of quality labour.
Lebron James is an extremely talented basketball player.
An incredibly talented player -- perhaps the best in the game -- who went a very long time without winning a ring.
He's not that smart," said one of the losing players.
In return, the Brewers got backup catcher Jorge Fabregas and two players to be named later.
By rule, the players to be named later cannot be players on the active major-league roster.
By rule, the players to be named later cannot be players on the active major-league roster.
Auburn football players are reminded of last year's losses every time they go into the weight room.
Are you, or do you know, a keen soccer player or fan?
Zombie Ninja Pirates, by Gozer Games, is a quick 20-30 minute card game for 2-6 players.
In the daytime the temple (open 8am–6pm) attracts worshipers, and its park attracts strollers and mah-jong players.
In an effort to provide yet one more thing to bet on, players are imported from Spain to take part in this lightning-fast Basque ball game.
Players bet on the numbers that will come up, and on whether the result will be “big” or “small. ”
Keno is a variation of bingo in which the player chooses numbers to bet on before the draw is made.
that's that's in uh Texas stadium where the football players play
And we mustn’t overlook the players.
As a simple example, overfitting occurs when a sports announcer reports that a baseball player had a very high batting average against left-handed pitchers in ballpark X over the past month.
And during a short career as a Cornhusker football player, he shooed a young Tom Osborne off a practice field.
Bradley's whining about Gore's tactics is, in fact, an essential aspect of his political style and is surely derived from his style as a basketball player.
Again, how do the assertions of former basketball players clarify this question?
Much like the U.S. women's 1998 gold-medal Olympic hockey team, the World Cup soccer players had no female predecessors.
Yes, Kasparov had to be the guy on the front line--after all, he's the best human chess player of all time.
Once again, he called the NATO bombing campaign "a tragic mistake" and said: "There are no good chess players among the leaders of NATO.
"Here is a guy who graduated Magna Cum Laude in history, the greatest basketball player in the Ivy Colleges, Rhodes Scholar, probably a governor of Missouri someday-and all with a 485 verbal SAT!"
When a baseball player is removed by the manager, the organist plays “Auld Lang Syne.”
The Chicago Bears football player, William “Refrigerator” Perry is a large gentleman whose weight is variously estimated at between 350 and 400 pounds.
Disney CEO Michael Eisner was there, and tennis player Martina Navratilova and hockey <b>player</b> Wayne Gretzky and basketball <b>player</b> Bill Russell--though Culturebox only learned of their attendance from the press release she picked up as she left.
Hoping to launch with a bang, ESPN breaks the news that the scoring record broken (in controversial fashion) by University of Connecticut basketball player Nykesha Sales may in fact still stand.
Avowing their virginity are tennis player Anna Kournikova ("I do not let anyone even have a peek into my bed") and singer Enrique Iglesias, who's said to be waiting for the right woman.
Watch out for Asian-American hockey players in about 20 years.
But the 41-year-old Bird has a cranky back, and he's accomplished everything any basketball player could ever dream of.
Now that the two-year marriage of actress Brooke Shields and tennis player Andre Agassi has disintegrated, it's possible to look back and see the end was coming.
The WP runs a front-page piece noting that the NCAA is very worried about the fallout from the point-shaving indictment last week of two former Northwestern basketball players.
"Bill, I think, has proven … that a basketball player, baseball <b>player</b>, football <b>player</b> are very intelligent people and that type of stigma attached to you is not worthy."
From Jules and Jim there are the plucked, fragrant melodies that stop brilliantly short of cloying, the spasm of frantic neo-Baroque fiddling from Day for Night , and the tangy sounds of an out-of-tune barroom upright from Shoot the Piano Player . In these eclectic sketches--which capture an image but have no emotional arc of their own--the irony of this project comes into focus: the contradiction of championing film music by cleaving it from film.
"Bill, I think, has proven … that a basketball player, baseball <b>player</b>, football <b>player</b> are very intelligent people and that type of stigma attached to you is not worthy."
To our youngest players, the title of Thursday's question may be as ancient and obscure as Edgar Bergen's wacky catch phrase: "I'm a ventriloquist on the radio, suckers!"
Only about former football players are you not allowed to say so.
, most of whom now have the shoe deals Nike just canceled with out of work basketball players.
They were in any case in popular use well before they were officially adopted in 1871 by the original members of the National Association of Professional Baseball Players, the world's first fully professional baseball league.
"Sign eighth-grade football players to letters of intent."
I admit I did a double-take when I read that a New Jersey Nets basketball player, accused of rape, said his involvement with the woman never got beyond conversating.
It is something like the zone of current sports lingo in which a tennis player, say, enters a trance-like state, putting him on a roll where he can't miss a shot.
As we all know, Garry Kasparov is a Russian chess player.
