Alice, sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders;
His question drove home the fact that we haven't faced a severe, protracted economic setback for nearly 2 decades, leaving us terribly unpracticed at dealing with tough times.
An association of ENA response with liver disease has been described in children with autoimmune hepatitis, where anti-ENA-positive patients demonstrated more severe liver test abnormalities than those who were anti-ENA-negative [ 32 ] . In another study, a 15 % of patients with various chronic liver diseases were found to be anti-RNP positive [ 33 ] .
Both the California Energy Commission and Cambridge Energy Research Associates (CERA), a private sector energy think tank, have issued reports showing that California faces a severe supply-demand imbalance.
Nelson, born Glenn Nelson, had severe psychological problems and a history of reclusive behavior into adulthood, and was convicted on a weapons charge in 1988.
This accounts for the two fractured ankles, broken tooth and severe lacerations of my legs and lower body.
DR. TAMBALA He suffered severe trauma to the neck, back, torso, and abdomen.
The German architect Karl Friedrich Schinkel is best known for his severe Classical public buildings such as the superb Altes Museum in Berlin, but he also worked in other styles: Gothic in churches, and picturesque Italianate in villas.
The Cotswold style, with its relatively severe details and blunt forms, created a very different setting from French Provincial, which tended to have more delicate details, from Free Style with its almost rustic atmosphere, or from sturdy Colonial.
Hunt modeled the design of this 250-room residence on the Château de Blois, whose style is not the severe Classicism of the Italian Renaissance favored by architects such as Charles McKim, but the more ornate and picturesque French Renaissance.
Thank God it's raining (we are in severe drought)!!!
Now that Obama is president it puts severe limits on how he can use email and indeed Twitter.
The paper clearly laid out its Wag the Dog theory: "After a weekend of sexual revelations and lies, which have taken a severe toll on his reputation, the President with the help of the Defence Secretary, William Cohen, has found a means of rallying the country behind the presidency and the Stars and Stripes."
This effect could be further increased in severe obstruction with active exhalation and no active breaking.
The NYT is more firm about saying that if this is indeed the case it could be a severe setback for gene therapy.
In addition, as I've pointed out here before, the auto industry is facing severe problems with excess capacity, so reducing the number of players in the global marketplace may decrease the chance of dramatic overbuilding.
Thus, some of us recently showed that administration of two self peptides that can induce EAE, myelin proteolipid protein peptide 139 to 151 (PLP139-151) or myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein peptide 35-55 (MOG35-55), can result in severe anaphylactic reactions [ 14 ] . This result clearly indicated that severe allergic reactions to self peptides can occur in mice that have been induced to express pathology (i.e.
I have already simplified Coulmas's description out of all sensible recognition for the sake of brevity, but, while the time compression has been severe, I do not think I have distorted the facts.
In contrast, inspiratory resistive loading by tracheal narrowing has consistently shown increases in the percentage of type I fibers and the corresponding MHC isoform in the diaphragm [ 41 42 43 ] , closely resembling the changes seen in severe human emphysema.
Type A influenza is thought to cause more severe illness [ 17 18 19 ] . Therefore, the majority of influenza/ILI diagnoses captured in the NEI system using ICD-9 codes would be expected to be type A and represent a higher proportion of true influenza illness than ILI during the 1996-1997 influenza season.
Higher doses could not be achieved without inducing unacceptable liver toxicity, as manifested by a severe inflammatory infiltrate and vacuolisation of the hepatocytes.
Doctors reported that fenfluramine and phentermine, a popular diet pill combination, may cause severe heart-valve disease . The story is all over front pages and the TV news because the pills are prescribed about 20 million times a year.
One D2 eye examined histologically was excluded from the study because of the complicating presence of a large corneal ulcer accompanied by severe intraocular inflammation; this eye had a very severe retinal phenotype and severe optic nerve damage.
Physical examination showed an alert, nondysmorphic infant with severe reduction in muscle mass and subcutaneous fat.
The PT3 (moderate abnormality compensated by maximum dilatation of sinusoids) and PT4 placentae (severe abnormality without compensatory vascular dilatation) were coupled as abnormal placentae (AP).
That procedure uses per capita income estimates generated from Federal Government projections of income and population growth, and applies three different income elasticities for mortality, severe morbidity, and light symptom effects.
Although only 0.3 to 3% of pregnant women are diagnosed with hyperemesis gravidarum [ 3 ] , less severe forms of NVP exert a significant impact on the quality of life of those affected [ 1 ] . In one study, close to 50% of employed women reported reduced work efficiency due to NVP, with as many as 25-66% of women actually requiring time off work.
More importantly, the electric pulse delivery caused on its own a severe rhabdomyolysis and the prior injection of saline significantly increased the muscle damage, but the addition of naked DNA did not influence the muscle injury.
Such severe and extensive retinal damage never occurs in strain D2.
The finding that anti-Sa antibodies are associated both with male gender and with severe early RA further emphasizes the importance of gender differences in the clinical expression of this heterogeneous disease.
The multivariate analyses showed that female sex and hypokalemia were independent risk factors for severe QTc prolongation in patients with SAH.
I'd say that any downside to sexually integrating nonmilitary workplaces is not severe enough to restrict the rights of women (or men).
The NYT lead on the fast track fizzle calls it the most severe legislative setback for Clinton since his national health care plan died, and the paper reports that many on Capitol Hill are saying that it marks the beginning of Clinton's lame-duck status.
However, both GAD65 and GAD67 mRNA can be detected in the thymic medullary epithelial cells in mice [ 24 ] . Thus, despite thymic expression of GAD65 and GAD67 at the level of mRNA, NOD mice spontaneously develop autoreactivity to these islet (and brain) expressed proteins, and re-challenge of mice that have been immunized with peptides from GAD65 results in severe anaphylactic reactions.
A centerpiece of both tax cuts is a severe trimming of the capital-gains tax, which seems like a very odd decision at a time when short-term investing is on the rise and companies are having absolutely no trouble raising capital.
∴Seville is suffering from a severe identity crisis.
Moderate or severe optic nerve damage was first observed in some 17 month old mice (3 of 12) and occurred in almost all 19-20 month old mice (20 of 22).
6A, the placentae with strong ERα expression belong to the PT1 (normal) or PT2 (slightly abnormal) types, while placentae with low ERα expression belong to the PT3 and PT4 types (moderate and severe abnormality).
But, of course, just about everything that a client ever tells a lawyer is a secret or a confidence . Similarly, there appear to be specific and severe rules forbidding "extrajudicial" remarks, such as lawyers' statements to the press about a pending case.
The presurgical BMIs of 1021 males and females, ranging in age from 23 to 94 years and who had been diagnosed clinically and radiographically as having moderate to severe end-stage unilateral or bilateral hip OA, were calculated from the appropriate height and weight data found recorded in their complete medical records.
Above all, it seems implausible that the proposed solution to such severe difficulties could involve so little pain.
It's also possible that subjects with less severe pain were able to improve quicker.
The HR was significantly increased following severe hemorrhage (29%).
All mice over 18 months of age had severe ganglion cell loss both peripherally and close to the optic nerve (Figure 3, Table 1).
Pending a randomized controlled trial, the use of intravenous colistin should be considered in severe infections with Gram-negative bacilli when it remains the only antibiotic to which the causative pathogen is sensitive in vitro .
To the extent permitted by local IRBs, surrogate consent is permitted for patients rendered incompetent by stroke to avoid biasing the study toward discovery of risk factors for mild or moderate stroke but not severe stroke.
vulcanize to inflict severe burns on a victim, causing him to become a stoon.
In general, more severe responses (such as acute effects) occur at higher concentrations of the toxicant, and less severe responses (such as chronic effects) occur at lower concentrations.
Second, although D2 and AKXD28 strains demonstrate similar magnitudes of IOP, AKXD28 mice develop more severe and more extensive retinal damage and are more prone to optic nerve head excavation than D2 mice.
Absorption with porcine ovaries resulted in severe diminution of 3B5 reactivity with rat, porcine and human tissues in western blots (Fig.
It may be that the aberrations induced by this mutant protein were sufficient select for down-regulated expression from the pGS58 vector, or the aberrations may be more severe in E. coli . A second mutation of Wang et al.
4, panel E) show that even at the highest siRNA concentration (400 nM), at which essentially all the profilin was knocked down (data not shown), 60-80% of viral RNA synthesis continued in A549 cells, whereas in L2 cells the effect was slightly more severe, with 30-50% RNA synthesis remaining.
Some markers, such as sputum cytology, inherently involve ordered categories, such as no evidence of cancer, slight atypia, moderate atypia, severe atypia, and frank cancer.
For example, in one study of intra-arterial thrombolysis for treatment of acute ischemic stroke, 12,323 patients with stroke were screened, and only 180 patients were selected [ 4 ] . Other stroke studies include only patients with nondisabling strokes [ 52 ] , or include only patients with moderate to severe strokes [ 4 ] . Because ISGS is a dedicated stroke genetic association study, it has broad eligibility criteria relative to clinical trials of drugs or devices.
The grades are easy, moderate, difficult, very difficult or v. diff, severe, very severe or VS, hard very severe or HVS, extremely severe or ES, and exceptionally severe or XS.
6°F, is the most severe neutropenic complication and can cause prolonged hospitalization.
Future research in the form of clinical trials is needed to test interventions to manage the severe dyspnea and related symptoms that occur in patients with cancer and end-stage lung disease.
We do not know whether other cell migrations were affected by the titrating sequence, but no other phenotypes were observed in animals with severe ALM migration defects.
A decade earlier, the British government led by Margaret Thatcher was facing severe economic troubles and insistent calls for a change of policy to deal with them.
The thalassemias are a group of inherited disorders of hemoglobin [ 1 ] , the most severe form of which is beta thalassemia major.
Additionally, the caregiver ranks their level of distress from each behavior, on a scale of 1 to 5, with 5 indicating the most severe level of distress.
Even though critics have been chewing on Eyes Wide Shut for weeks, its reality problems are so severe that I have decided to call myself in as a specialist.
Patients who had history of severe dementia or had abused psychoactive drugs and alcohol were excluded from our study.
However, to exclude that a massive hepatitis or a severe inflammatory infiltrate in the liver is causing the difference of luciferase expression, the inflammatory infiltration and pathological changes were determined in the liver of the two rat strains (Table 5).
The base deficit became slightly more negative after mild hemorrhage but was significantly reduced after severe hemorrhage (-5.
The severity of arthritis in each paw was graded according to an established scoring system [ 3, 5] as follows: 0, normal; 1, mild erythema and/or swelling, usually in one or two toes; 2, moderate erythema and/or swelling of the paw; 3, more diffuse erythema; 4, severe erythema and swelling affecting the entire paw (maximum score for the four paws = 16).
Unfortunately, the civil legal needs of all low-income Americans are not being adequately met due to severe funding shortages at the federal and state level.
For a variety of reasons, including the devaluation in neighboring Brazil, Argentina has been sliding into a moderately severe recession and with it a growing budget deficit, just as a presidential election approaches.
The NYT focuses on one Chechen village, a former refuge for a Chechen rebel commander, which has recently suffered severe attacks even though there is currently no indication of rebel presence in the village.
The demographics of the 969 eligible patients are shown in Table 1. It is noteworthy that 32% of all patients had one or more severe chronic illnesses.
The purpose of this report is to provide a comprehensive review of the safety of drotrecogin alfa (activated) for all adult patients with severe sepsis enrolled in clinical trials (completed and ongoing) since the start of phase 2 clinical development and up to 12 April 2002.
Histological scoring was made with a 5-point scoring system graded from 0 to 4 (0 = normal, 1 = slight, 2 - moderate, 3 = severe, 4 = very severe) based on criteria noted below after examination of four consecutive high-power fields.
In treating patients with severe sepsis, physicians are mainly concerned with biologic, physiologic, and clinical outcomes.
Maxwell posed a severe question for statistical mechanics and the second law.
One D2 eye examined histologically was excluded from the study because of the complicating presence of a large corneal ulcer accompanied by severe intraocular inflammation; this eye had a very severe retinal phenotype and severe optic nerve damage.
The Covenanters faced severe persecution at the hands of the king’s supporters, who had decided to follow his father’s policy of imposing bishops on the Scots.
This is what the German central banker Hans Tietmayer always calls, with severe disapproval, "the easy way out."
The present findings suggest that female sex and hypokalemia are independent risk factors for severe QTc prolongation in patients with SAH.
Given values reported in the benefit-cost analysis of the Clean Air Act [ 16 ] of $38 for a minor restricted activity day (which is more mild than a restricted activity day) and $83 for a work-loss day (which is presumably more severe than a restricted activity day), we use $60 (in 1990 dollars) as a reasonable central estimate.
Cross-contamination between successively spotted samples is a potentially severe problem and was found to be minimized by increasing the stringency of pin washing procedures beyond the manufacturer's recommendations by increasing sonication in the washing solution for 5 seconds at the highest power setting.
They don't offer intricate performances that took years of severe training to perfect; they don't sing, speak, or chant; they don't earnestly appear for a cause; they aren't eagerly joining in a festival.
• Pending a definitive randomized controlled trial, the use of intravenous colistin should be considered in severe infections with Gram-negative bacilli when it remains the only antibiotic to which the causative pathogen is sensitive in vitro 
In cases of severe and persistent insomnia that did not improve by implementation of our recommendations, patients were referred to specialized sleep clinics for evaluation and treatment.
And yet only about 50% of cochlear sensory neurons are lost overall with a less severe loss in the apex in which we could not detect any immature hair cells with MyoVIIa immunocytochemistry.
The xid mouse, in which Btk is mutated, and the Btk knockout mouse display similar, although somewhat less severe, phenotypes [ 1].
A correlation between sequence conservation and severe phenotype by RNAi had previously been shown by comparison of C. elegans to genomes from the distant phyla Saccharomyces, Drosophila and human [ 63 64 ] . Here we show a similar trend following detection of homology to expressed genes in other nematode species.
One D2 eye examined histologically was excluded from the study because of the complicating presence of a large corneal ulcer accompanied by severe intraocular inflammation; this eye had a very severe retinal phenotype and severe optic nerve damage.
The progressively more severe phenotypes of single, double, and triple deletions indicate partial redundancy of function between the three ~50-bp stretches of which each of the two essential ~150-bp regions is composed.
Quenching of peroxynitrite was not evaluated as it can only be effectively studied at a severe alkaline pH, given the lability of peroxynitrite at neutral pH.
Deletion of the EGF-like domains encoded by exons 60-62 in the C-terminal domain of fibrillin-1 results in a much less severe phenotype than deletion of three EGF-like domains in the second longest stretch of EGF-like domains (between exons 43-49).
This deletion resulted in a more severe phenotype with onset in infancy and a rapidly progressing clinical course.
