Of the more than 42,000 people Goodwill served in 1999, over 5,000 of them have multiple barriers to finding and keeping a job.
Your support of Goodwill will provide job training and placement services to help the hardest to serve in central Indiana find meaningful employment.
Pleasant Run Children's Homes began serving children nearly 130 years ago.
Today, we serve children and families with a multitude of problems: emotional, physical, psychological and sexual abuse.
In 1994 Pleasant Run served 346 children and 125 families.
In 1995 we will serve over 850 children and 340 families.
For Pleasant Run to continue to serve abused and neglected children and their families, we need your support.
The numbers of children who deserve our services are rising... as quickly as our programs can grow to serve them.
A gift means a family will have a holiday meal, cooking utensils to prepare the meal and dishes to serve it on.
Jameson is a not-for-profit agency established in 1928 to serve the youth of central Indiana who have special needs.
In 1998, we served a total of 31,484 low-income individuals through job training and placement assistance, youth and senior programming, family counseling, emergency assistance, and much more.
The centers that serve these areas, Mary Rigg Neighborhood Center, Hawthorne Community Center, Southwest Multi-Service Center, and Christamore House, have teamed up to run an exciting job readiness program for 14 and 15 year old area residents called the Summer Enrichment Program.
In 1998, CCI served 31,484 individuals right in their own backyards.
Its purpose is to encourage collaboration and cooperation between the various agencies, programs, and systems that serve our community's youth.
It retained, however, the same mission with which it had been charged from its inception: to serve as a catalyst for effective, coordinated, and collaborative service delivery to youth in our community.
This year we will serve over 1,000 girls through our mentoring programs.
This is an impressive number; but for each girl served, more are left unserved.
Today Big Sisters serves over 1,000 girls in central Indiana.
But for each girl served, more are left unserved.
In 1998, Big Sisters served 972 young people through its many programs.
In such networks, for which there is modestly good evidence, a given first antibody serves as an antigen that stimulates the body to produce a second antibody that binds to the unique amino acid sequences, called the "idiotype" of the first antibody. 
This created a pattern seen today throughout the Aegean of a small port (skala) which serves an inland settlement or chora, making it easier to protect the island from attack.
Then a Russian-American medical team led by renowned heart surgeon Michael DeBakey examined Yeltsin, pronounced his condition "not bad at all," and predicted that although his surgery would be delayed a few weeks, he would probably serve out his term.
NHLA, without LSC funding, continues to provide a full range of legal services from regional offices across the state, while the Pro Bono Referral System continues to serve low- income people throughout the state through its network of volunteer private attorneys.
Gardens, particularly flower gardens, serve no real purpose.
For instance, it is worth noting that although the Dictionary of American Regional English , edited by Frederic G. Cassidy, serves as a source for Lighter, it is not listed among the titles in the Selected Bibliography.
In Virginia, callers to the statewide toll free number now are not only routed to an intake worker in the program serving their area, but can hear informative recordings on relevant legal topics twenty-four hours a day, in English and Spanish.
As I've discussed in my testimony, the increasing complexity of issues and the accelerating change in government-major factors in GAO's strategic plan-helped us realize that this realignment was necessary to better position GAO for serving the future needs of the Congress.
Critical care physicians have at their disposal a variety of data to serve as a guide in discriminating infectious from noninfectious conditions in newly admitted patients.
Overall, the central security groups served as (1) catalysts for ensuring that information security risks were considered in both planned and ongoing operations, (2) central resources for advice and expertise to units throughout their organizations, and (3) a conduit for keeping top management informed about security-related issues and activities affecting the organization.
5. How you served vs. whether you served.
Since there are more smaller, semirural states than big states, the well-being of individual states would not necessarily be best served by examining what happens in the few larger states.
In one of her marathon phone confessions with Tripp, she even makes a shrewd case that in seducing the president, she was serving the public interest.
He has not been adequately served by a biographer unwilling or unable to understand the nightmare of Cold War epistemology, the place where politics and pathology become indistinguishable.
Mötley Crüe drummer Tommy Lee will have plenty of time to contemplate his temper as he serves his six month sentence for felony spousal abuse of his wife, former Baywatch actress Pamela Anderson.
Those wishing to supplement their aging Webster's Third New International (Merriam, 1961) and unwilling to spend about thirty dollars more for the recent editions of the Random House Unabridged or World Book Dictionary would be very well served by the TBDNE . It should be noted, however, that the TBDNE , in including the work of its predecessors, represents a departure from their approach.
Legal services programs in Canada are about the same age as ours, and serve a similar client community.
Traditionally this ceremony serves as a coming-out party to indicate that a girl has reached womanhood and is ready for marriage.
VA Health Care: More Veterans Are Being Served, But Better Oversight Is Needed (GAO/HEHS-98-226, Aug. 28, 1998).
These cells do not express any endogenous δ opioid receptors, as they lack binding of the radioactive tracer [ 3H]-DPDPE (data not shown), thus they serve as a good system for the expression of opioid receptors.
The presence of multiple potential protein-docking sites in some EPKs allows them to serve as scaffolding molecules around which a protein complex can assemble [ 4, 5, 8].
Rice paddies in the northwest towards the Thai border and around river deltas on the east coast serve only domestic consumption.
These regions serve specific functions in molecular processes, e.g., several 5' UTRs of mRNA transcripts are mRNA stability determinants [ 1 2 ] . Thus they can display sequence and/or secondary structure signatures and these defined segments can be more useful than using entire gene sequences for annotations.
Having served thousands, the .dba is recognized as one of the nation's largest and leading authorities on the self-employment of people with disabilities.
In the new version, directed by Jan De Bont ( Speed , 1994; Twister , 1996), that pounding comes early and serves as an overture for a bunch of computer-generated special effects: ghosties that swirl around like Tinkerbell, statues that spring to life and grab people.
Anne Stalder Nelson, executive director of the Cabrini Green Legal Aid Clinic in Chicago, said the Web sites will serve as a resource that previously would have come at significant cost.
Bradley might have served those Americans better by directing his anger at Gore's misrepresentations.
In only his second campaign, Forbes has turned into a full-fledged Harold Stassen figure--a candidate for whom unpopularity serves as some kind of weird inspiration.
"Not a new law that requires women in labor to serve jury duty."
Once inhabited by ancient Hawaiians, the island has since served as an Alcatraz for criminals, a cattle ranch, and — most recently — a bombing range for the U.S.
It isn't as easy to summarize federal regulation as it is to summarize federal spending, but the basic point is similar: Most of what the government does is actually serving, not opposing, the public's will.
The same study hypothesis might be: does equipment typically found in an intensive care unit, condensed to fit in a small space underneath a patient stretcher, serve as an equivalent tool to conventional equipment in detecting and treating life-threatening problems?
In this program, Average Difference (AD) values serve as relative indicators of the expression level of transcripts represented on the arrays.
View the town and surrounding countryside from the belfry of the Hôtel de Ville or go down to the basement and take the guided tour of the labyrinth of underground passages that have served a variety of purposes over the centuries.
a unit that, during 1985, served a generator in any State that producedelectricity for sale.
But few Internet service providers serve rural America, because the current number of consumers is too small for them to make money.
Our ServerSearch TM team traveled the globe in pursuit of the very best software for serving you, our readers.
These domains often occur together in large proteins linked to catalytic domains and may serve to tether these proteins to different components of chromatin and deliver catalytic activities to specific locations.
Linked to the Vatican by a thick-walled passage, it served as a hideout for popes in times of danger, notably Pope Clement VII, who holed up here for a month during the sack of Rome by Habsburg troops in 1527 (see page 27).
The proportion of such pure clusters among the total clusters serves as a coarse measure of the specificity of the phylogenetic profile method.
The Reorganization Act grants the Postal Service specific powers that serve as the operational tools of service innovation.
for a unit serving a generator before the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of2002, a unit in a State serving a generator with a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 megawatts that produced or produces electricity for sale during 2001 or any year thereafter, except for a cogeneration unit that produced or produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it served or serves during 2001 and each year thereafter; and
Taken together these observations have led to the hypothesis that LN1 serves as a secondary or supporting stimulus for agrin induced AChR aggregation [ 1 2 24 ] . The present study is directed at a quantitative examination of the interaction between the signal transduction pathways for agrin and LN1 induction of AChR aggregates and colocalized α-DG aggregates.
2. "If it can prevent children or other New Yorkers from being maimed, disfigured, or killed, it will serve its purpose."
XIST and TSIX are conserved, overlapping, but oppositely oriented non-coding transcripts, which serve crucial functions in X-inactivation [ 9].
serves 18 counties.
In short (excuse the pun), for one reason or another users in the UK would be better served by a better dictionary of abbreviations than this; US users should be alerted to the fact that the text is British, unedited for American spelling: for `decagramme, decalitre, decametre' read `decagram, decaliter, decameter.
.. as quickly as our programs can grow to serve them.
Whole cell lysates serving as positive controls were prepared by incubating monolayers with denaturing Laemmli buffer.
The U.S. textile industry has taken advantage of economies of scale in production to serve large, expanding, and, for much of the century, protected markets for textile products.
"His sense of good fortune helped him to be the most beloved dean ever to serve at our law school.
might serve to alter care by illuminating the possibility of death warrants further investigation.
The next time that set of differentia is encountered, it serves to identify the problem in much the same way that a physician, encountering a combination of chest rash, high fever, Koplik's spots, diagnoses (for which read `names') an affliction as measles.
He is a friend of several members of Starr's staff and is especially close to Starr's chief deputy, Hickman Ewing, with whom he served as a U.S. attorney during the Reagan administration.
He found, as he reports in the American Journal of Physics , that Sampras' famous serve is generated by a "dead spot" five centimeters from the tip of the racket, where the ball doesn't bounce at all.
Southwest's response actually served to anger M. more than the original problem.
Like other folklore genres, riddles serve a function, helping children learn to interpret facts and form an opinion.
The egg serves to extract the fever from the ill person, and is then broken into a bowl of water and placed under the bed of the person.
We then demonstrated that the shared molegos served a similar role in substrate binding by comparing the DNA binding profile of huAPE1 with that for the less specific enzyme DNase 1. The molegos present in both enzymes interact with target DNA in a similar fashion, while residues in molegos distinctive for APE1 control specificity by binding primarily to the bases around the apurinic site.
PG officials note the "water authority serving both counties insists it has enough water to last into November" even with no rain till then.
In the 13 th century, courts commonly required custodians to serve defendants' punishments in their stead when their wards skipped, even if this meant standing in for a hanging.
The inhibition of 46 kDa and 70 kDa binding to III1-C by heparin suggests that these HSPGs may serve as receptors for III1-C in cell adhesion and ERK1/2 signaling.
All that mattered was that it served France’s interests.
After many years of effort, State General Assembly appropriated funds in 1999 ($250,000) to serve the civil needs of victims of domestic and family violence and $400,000 in fiscal year 2000.
The weeping minister spoke in Largo, Fla., as he was sentenced to five and a half years in prison for swindling more than $4 million from the National Baptist Convention USA, the country's largest black denomination, while serving as its president.
His outstanding leadership skills will serve Cathedral exceptionally well.
The campus also can serve as a community forum, sponsoring public lectures by authorities on issues in the news.
Also, groups that served specific audiences had established lists of pertinent organizations that were allowed to participate as members and receive information of specific interest to that group.
Annually, we ask several of our youth serving organizations to join us in our effort to help young people grow up well in Indianapolis.
This was the claim made, if memory serves, for the budget hashed out between Congress and George Bush in the extended wrangle of 1990.
