We wish you and your family a new year full of joy and love.
Many Little Sisters are preparing to go back to school this fall full of hope and with a positive outlook.
Thanks to our Big Sisters volunteers, these young people are self-confident, believe in themselves and are beginning to realize their full potential.
The 1999 Invest in Youth Campaign is in full swing.
Early in the film, with the Flowers crisis in full bloom, Sam Donaldson interviews Stephanopoulos, who blames it all on the "Republican attack machine."
If so, can "mere chemicals" be signs in the full Piercean sense?
I believe it is clear that mere chemistry in an autonomous agent can harbor symbols and signs in the full senses of the words.
Pakistan will need full US support as it proceeds with us," the embassy noted."
(CENTCOM also began dusting off plans for a full invasion of Iraq during this period, Franks said.)
And one is certain that Kenneth Rexroth, in his American Poetry in the Twentieth Century (Herder and Herder, N.Y., 1971) did not intend to hint at closet biographical matter when, in Chapter I, he wrote that “Whitman's poems are full of men doing things together,” or, later in the same chapter, when he referred to “Whitman's joyous workmen swinging their tools in the open air.”
Inevitably, some of the entries are more imaginative than others; Dickson will have his hands full if everyone responds giving private words.
The maps are clear, each occupying a full page, and the word information is well set forth on them.
so I would like you to think over this huge privilege that i am entrusting to your hand for the survival of the casualties and homeless, just send me your full names, home address, telephone number, occupation and more information about you in your next message for the service of God in your country and for the less privilege one's.
I write to inform you that we have already sent you USD5000.00 dollars through Western union as we have been given the mandate to transfer your full compensation payment of USD1.800,000.00 via western union by this government.
I picked the ideal spot, a full block under construction.
I is ride back full of music and singing.
Im tempted to try you againWind me up and let me spinAddiction’s not badIt’s a sinKnowing clearly what may becomeLet me go, Im doneYou’re full of lust, pride, greed and shameYou said no one can escape the painIn the quietI yearn to be in your silver pool of lightWith your arms wrapped around me in the deep nightIm tempted to try you againBut I think I’ll get the better of itWhen your at hand
Middle school was cruel, full of disgusting, stinking children.
The full moon, the half moon, the moon in wax, the moon in wane....
The ethics panel also ordered Torricelli to pay back Chang -- with interest -- for the full value of a large-screen television set and compact-disc player, and for expensive earrings that Chang gave to Torricelli's sister, to one of his close aides and to one of Torricelli's former girlfriends.
In Torricelli's case, it acted without conducting a full investigation, saying the case had been exhaustively scrutinized by federal authorities.
But it said the senator had showed "poor judgment" by failing to reimburse him for the full market value of the gifts.
Senator Torricelli provided the committee with a full explanation of sources of income and any funds used for cash purposes," she said.
every day full of joy and energized.
His documentary is full of subtle humor, jaw-dropping dialogue and dark contrasts.
In any case, at no point does Moore make a false statement, in contradiction to claims by critics that his documentary is "full of lies".
Even the official quoted by Moore blames the welfare to work program, knowing full well that the drug issue is a red herring.
I’m inviting you back to full membership for just $17 - 51% off the regular rate.
And then, please, take advantage of this opportunity to regain full membership for 51% less than the regular rate.
The sleep drive dissipates as a person sleeps and by morning (assuming a full night's rest and possibly some coffee), s/he will be feeling alert and ready to go again.
Religion, he said, is like a drugstore full of medicine.
He accents the illusion of reality --I paraphrase his entry in La Enciclopedia Humanica --by doing life-size scenes in "the full round," never the easier frontal or three-quarters view.
Let me abuse the playwright and dismiss the penultimate scene in a few sentences: After giving Emil full rights to a sculpture of Tasha and me, we had a good dinner of curried clam chowder, lobsters boiled on Terra and unstopped still steaming on N'Apulco, and cinnamon custard for desert.
Eventually, successful careers go full circle and move to a ‘maintenance’ stage.
It's full of this imagery, and talks about the 1805 fire and rebuilding, and the post-industrial devastation that's ravaged the city since.
Nah, I'm convinced that the audible gasps and stifled chuckles were from her attempt to bluff her way through an exchange regarding the Constitution in a room full of lawyers.
This is why they're not making a full investment in her.
Modeling shows that when full implementation of existing regulations such as the acid rain program, the NOx SIP Call, the Tier II standards for cars and trucks, the heavy duty diesel engine standards, and the low sulfur gasoline and diesel fuel rules are taken into account, additional reductions will be needed to bring areas into attainment.
The savings come from the opportunity to make cost-effective plant investment and retirement decisions with full knowledge of upcoming SO2, NOx and mercury requirements, rather than investing in "add-on" control equipment to meet the requirements of each regulation.
In exchange for flexibility in methods to control emissions, a full accounting of emissions through
ategic plan for containment, because they lacked a full understanding of the risks and interconnections in the financial markets. Some regulators have conceded th
 weeks before the government takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, that the Treasury Department understood the full measure of the dire financial conditions of those two institutions. And just a month before Lehman’s
As you probably noticed, my wife is currently on vacation without me -— which is different than a vacation from me, although given how frequently insufferable I am, I could understand the appeal of such—in the le Marche region of Italy, which is immediately south of Tuscany and full of communists.
Barbie's full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts 2.
Success always occurs in private, and failure in full view.
Behind him is an enormous truck full of car exhausts.
Behind him are TWO very large trucks full of car parts.
A T-Rex moving at full speed was clocked at thirty-some miles per hour.
Character data caused little problem because ASCII was assumed, full stop.
Besides having the satisfaction of knowing that you are doing your part to help save our wildlife heritage, you will also receive some outstanding benefits of membership including: A one-year subscription to our beautiful full color magazine, NATIONAL WILDLIFE.
"Yeah, I do," said Johnson, who has a full head of gray hair in common with the comedian-turned-playwright.
You will offer what amounts to a full pardon.
Finally, the fourth set of rules, contained in sections 181 and 182 of the rules of practice, 10 applies to Postal Service requests for new services that it believes cannot recover all their associated costs in the first full fiscal year of their operation.
All incorporated giant columns rising the full height of the two floors—Corinthian in McKim’s case, Ionic in the other two (the completed building is Corinthian).
cleaning full day out in the muddy, sloppy freezing rain doing disaster training...
Eating lunch at a pc because the lunch room is full of noobz.
Still full of energy & inspiration..
is full of cold.
Twitter Power - How to Dominate Your Market One Tweet at a Time http://bit.ly/VGKN RT @ericgrant: "grass-roots" The Corporate Lobbyists Behind the Tea Parties #tcot #p2 #teabagging #teaparty http://twurl.nl/4i1jp1 Patch day is full of server downtime and instability!
Too full for dessert.
The completely LAST place you'd think a fire to start is in a giant box full of water.
SEGA announces Wii MotionPlus support for Virtua Tennis 2009 - full press release http://gonintendo.com/?
As usual we offer a full refund if not satisfied from now until 7 days after the event.
If you haven't authorized this charge ,click the link below to dispute transaction and get full refund
Price is per person, based on double occupancy, for cruise only, may vary by sail date, and requires full payment at the time of purchase.
Hong Kong is full of giant malls.
In addition, most top-line hotels have upscale malls full of designer boutiques.
A prosperous tourist district, it is full of shopping centers and department stores, along with a number of good restaurants.
For a membership gift of just $15, you will receive a full year of the world’s most beautiful nature magazine, NATIONAL WILDLIFE.
Sales for the full year were $6.6 billion, up 13% from $5.8 billion.
Four micron full coronal kidney sections from each animal were adhered to lysine-coated slides and used for immunodetection of phospho-Rb (Ser780) as follows: sections were deparaffinized and hydrated by placing in xylene for 8 minutes, followed by 3 minutes each of 100%, 96%, 80%, 70%, 50%, 30% ethanol, ending with 10 minutes in water; sections then underwent antigen retrieval (Glyca Reagent, Biogenex) followed by immunodetection (Super Sensitive Detection Kit, Biogenex) of phospho-Rb (Ser780) after a 12 hour incubation with a 1:1000 dilution of rabbit anti-phospho-Rb (Ser780) antibody (Cell Signaling) or control rabbit anti-sera (Biogenex) at 4°C.
(JFMIP Standardization Project) Unobligated balances expire (cease to be available for obligation) for:-- 1-year accounts at the end of the fiscal year;-- multiple-year accounts at the end of the period specified;-- no-year accounts only when they are 1) rescinded by law, 2) purpose is accomplished, or 3) when disbursements against the appropriation have not been made for 2 full consecutive years.
28258); NRCS provided a full copy of the analysis to us when it filed its copy of the final rule on May 29, 1997.
The orbiting full moon, perhaps.
Thus, the selective depletion of TBP and TAF II 135 requires that the F9 cells respond, at least partially, to T-RA, but does not require full differentiation to take place.
And real life is full of odd cases.
As for the Turow, we had checked a box asking that each book be sent separately, as soon as possible--so, either Amazon ignored these instructions or it really needed the full 11 days to get the Turow to us.
1980, USEPA adopted the policy that ELS test data could be used in establishing water quality criteria if data from full life-cycle tests were not available (USEPA, 1980a).
The value of this work is diminished by the fact that the citations given are merely sub-sentence fragments from the corpus, which was assembled for the frequency study itself, thus denying users the opportunity to make full use of this important data.
On your left you will find the marina area full of glass-topped tour boats.
Fridge full of beer

"
e is no language, and it's a relatively late-discovered argument, because it sees its full -- I

Isis set her elbows in the fur and rested her head on her hands while I spoke and tried not to stare at her full, hanging breasts.
