The coverage emphasizes Hussein's connections to the many different players in Middle East politics.
At Indiana State University and during his early NBA career, Bird gulled fans, opposing players, and the media.
Girls play this game in Mexico also, with a boy as the center player, which Inez Cardozo-Freeman interprets as a portrayal of betrayal and abandonment preparing little girls for marriage.
On the talk shows, the players testified that Bradley is "intelligent," "knowledgeable," "well-rounded," "compassionate," "concerned," "wonderful," "a great leader," "a great listener," and "a good person."
Barshefsky), kicking tennis player Anna Kournikova when she's down.
Sharing information and current knowledge of the market across channel players achieves some of the same objectives—at lower cost—of formally reaching forward or backward into markets.
Stross could have written a fabulous book about how Microsoft's meritocracy produced a perfect monopoly, out of sheer grit and the love bestowed upon its team of managers by America's mutual funds (their fondness for Microsoft stock yielded a price that allowed the company, with its handsome stock-option compensation program, to hold on to its best, most talented players).
Piazza was the Dodgers' best player on the field, its most popular with the fans, and its most expensive to keep.
At USA Today , the Iraq combat is on the front below the fold, Cambodia is nowhere in sight and the lead is the real possibility that the NBA season will be canceled combined with a warning from the head of the players' union that if so, the <b>players</b> might start their own league.
Pokémon demands that players learn to care for their charges, educate and "evolve" them, and take them to the Pokémon hospital when they are hurt.
Or, there's the home-schooling movement, a player on the right since the 1960s.
This has produced a mad scramble for players over a period of hours rather than weeks, with stars hopping from one team to the next.
The Prisoner's Dilemma (PD) has generated many hundreds of publications [ 1 2 ] spanning the biology, moral philosophy, sociology, economics and political science literature [ 1 3 4 5 6 ] . It received special attention because it sets paradoxical conditions to examine how and when cooperation can evolve even when a rational player is bound to defect.
But even when players could not freely sell their services on the open market, the richest teams still got the best <b>players</b>.
These players are much better than the low-stakes <b>players</b> and take my money in a hurry.
The Secretary of duhFENSE may be introduced at the annual Army-Navy game, while the crowd is shouting to the players on the field, “DEE-fense, DEE-fense!”
And, while this sounds like a cliché, it's undoubtedly true: Parcells makes his players believe they can win, so they do.
Here are Shafer's instructions to the players:
MLB has no salary cap, and attempts to impose one sparked the 1994-1995 strike by the players union, resulting in the first cancellation of a World Series in 90 years.
In New England, nine of his assistant coaches were former Giants assistants; at the Jets, he has enlisted former Giants players to coach his running backs, kickers, and tight ends.
Statisticians insist there is no such thing as a "hot hand" in basketball, that accurate shots distribute themselves in random patterns, that just the fact that a player has made several shots in a row does not increase the likelihood that he will make the next one.
United Artists, however, was plagued by inept management and a lack of resources, and never became a power player.
2. "On Saturday night, at an event called Columbine Surprise Party, players from the Denver Broncos and the Colorado Rockies mingled with students and family.
The NYT runs the indictments story inside, adding that a nationwide survey of Division I basketball and football players showed that 4 percent said they had gambled on a game they had played in.
Winning players won't accept the kind of bullying Parcells dishes out.
A plant's adaptively variable behavior or plasticity during its lifetime has been described as 'plant intelligence' [ 79] and Ca 2+and its sensors are key players in this adaptive behavior.
Scalia, notes the Times , went on to claim that the decision does not abrogate all "genuine but innocuous differences in the ways men and women routinely interact with members of the same sex and of the opposite sex," and all the papers give his example: a football coach slapping a player's rear on the way to the field would be lawful, while the same gesture directed at the coach's (female or male) secretary might not be.
The NYT has a classic obit to show off today, about the best polo player ever, Cecil Smith; the piece, by Frank Litsky, effortlessly takes the reader back to the days when the sport was played by the likes of Walt Disney and Will Rogers, and tens of thousands watched games.
If the fast-food world had only three players, and McDonalds's proposed to buy out Burger King, how reassured would we be if they offered the palliative of selling a few franchises to Taco Bell?
These players are much better than the low-stakes <b>players</b> and take my money in a hurry.
Hunter S. Thompson once said of Circus Circus, the casino where craps players and flying trapeze artists mingle beneath a billowing canopy, that it was what hepcats all over the world would be doing on Saturday night if the Germans had won World War II.
If the ESPN report is true, players, tutors, and administrators will be subject to punishment under the school's honor code and NCAA guidelines.
It seems to be the tasteful name for some kind of high-roller area, "the ultimate club for Keno, Slot, Bingo and Table Game players."
Time 's package on the Microsoft antitrust case features an interview with Assistant Attorney General Joel Klein; thumbnail sketches of the major players; a long rundown of Microsoft's many holdings, partnerships, and investments; and a short history of Netscape's meteoric rise and subsequent fragility.
The resulting collective consciousness is captured in Nike ads that depict the players doing everything together.
This summer's World Cup will distract fans and remove the league's best players for two months in the middle of the season.
Checkers masters stared down their Armageddon a few years ago, when a powerful computer program named Chinook forged a tie with the second-best checkers player in the world, Don Lafferty.
Hatch zinged McCain by saying his Arizona colleague was "starting to sound like an accordion player who only knows one tune--'Lady of Spain.
that's that's in uh Texas stadium where the football players play
He is shown leading the debate society, the fencing club, the French club, the chess club, and the "Max Fischer Players," who perform wildly inappropriate dramatizations of such films as Serpico to undiscriminating audiences.
Too many players are looking for special treatment and loopholes and are focusing on legal form rather than economic substance.
He sees all the players as serving a very narrowly defined self-interest.
To commemorate Robinson's shattering of the color barrier in sports 50 years ago, no player will ever again be assigned the number 42.
To further confuse things, the LAT and NYT quote Clinton administration players as saying that the official U.S.
GE97, in addition to polls, rundowns of the players, backgrounders on salient issues, events calendars, chat groups, and a wrap up of current betting odds, allows you to build your own "party manifesto."
He tacked inspirational quotes to players' doors, emphasized what each <b>player</b> did right, and provided an "imaging" tape for each <b>player</b>, consisting of her best moves set to her favorite music.
Typically assumed to be a high-roller card game, baccarat (bah-cah-rah) is similar to blackjack, though it’s played with stricter rules, higher limits, and less player interaction.
And what's perplexing about this, particularly in light of the Microsoft case, is that mergers often have an immediate anti-competitive impact, in the simplest sense that they reduce the number of players in a market.
That they were the incarnation of the dreams of 1968 seems a stretch, to say the least, even if some of the important players came out of the original cast.
In a 1995 tape of an NFL Players Association meeting obtained by the New York Times , an association official boasts of having secretly convinced the NFL to overlook 16 positive drug tests.
The story says that as a Knick, he routinely held on to an opposing player's shorts and even garners a quote from the man 26 years later: "He was one of the dirtiest <b>players</b> I ever played against."
He apologized, but his main goal was image repair: he was accompanied, says the Post , by his agent, his accountant, his tax man, his teammates, the president of the players' union, several other advisors, and.
Despite the general consensus that DiMaggio was exactly the kind of quiet, workmanlike player that is practically gone from today's courts and fields, a sort of anti-Rodman, if you will, it's useful to note, as the WSJ does, that in 1938 DiMaggio held out for more money (he wanted at least $40,000 and the Yankees were offering $25,000.)
Player Bird was a maximalist; Coach Bird is a minimalist.
Not even Robert Altman, who parodied this sort of climax in The Player , was cynical enough to let his sellout filmmaker play the intravenous card.
Since this way of framing the conflict treats NATO but not Yugoslavia as a rational player susceptible to threats, punishment, failure, and re-evaluation, Yugoslavia is happy to encourage it.
Parcells runs his training camps and practices with a drill sergeant's discipline: He abuses and needles players to inspire them.
Lottery players, by and large, must be risk-lovers--otherwise they'd buy Treasury bonds instead of lottery tickets.
He tacked inspirational quotes to players' doors, emphasized what each <b>player</b> did right, and provided an "imaging" tape for each <b>player</b>, consisting of her best moves set to her favorite music.
Even if suppliers in other businesses will not make the specific operational changes of an apparel-maker, an increasing number are establishing information links with other channel players and combining information use with technologies and work practices to speed up order processing.
Set in a quaint olde Irish seacoast village, it tells the story of an elderly lottery player, Jackie O'Shea (Ian Bannen), who learns that one of his fifty-odd neighbors holds the winning ticket to a 7 million pound drawing.
But in the match-up between AOL and Microsoft--at least in the online space--the giant from Redmond has proved time and again to be the decidedly weaker player.
Baseball has always been about money, but even more so since the 1975 repeal of the "reserve clause ." The reserve clause bound players to teams (or the teams they were traded to) for life.
The ANC won more than 60 percent of the vote and the National Party won 20 percent, making Mandela president and de Klerk only a secondary player.
Despite the assertions of some CEOs, while one key player can make a difference, it requires a team of talented executives to add shareholder value and manage shareholder risk over time.
The greatest tribute to Bird is that his players now play as he used to.
RINGO is the ring game for ages 5 to 105 that challenges players to use a swinging motion to catch the hook on the ring.
We goad baseball player Albert Belle so much that All-Star-game manager Joe Torre must confine him to the dugout.
The maximum player salary will be capped at $14 million, with a maximum annual increase of 12 percent, and the <b>players</b>' total share of league revenues will be capped at 55 percent after three years.
Sportswriters were happy for 1) Florida State receiver Peter Warrick , the undisputed star of the game, who "redeemed" himself after last year's arrest and suspension for theft; 2) Florida State coach Bobby Bowden, who got his first undefeated season and second national championship in 40 years of coaching; and 3) the Virginia Tech players , who "put season-long criticism of their toughness to rest" with a valiant comeback attempt.
When some of his Giants players had drug problems, Parcells spent a week at a rehab center, scouting if it was good enough for his men.
