You should be sleeping,” you tell her, pushing strands of blonde hair away from her face.
she asks, half a smile gracing her face.
The android’s face was lost as I was suddenly plunged into darkness.
Her blonde curls tickle at your face and you smile into her neck.
Her face scrunched at the very thought.
I examined his face in silence.
There were deep bags beneath his eyes, and, as he turned to me, I could see how deeply worn he was from the lines on his face.
Sometimes it’s difficult to believe, as I look into Drew’s light face, that he was ever that dark, depressed boy who wore nothing but black and listened to the same song over and over again.
She was sure her hair and face were a mess.
Admiring her face once more, Eros opened his wingspan and flew off to Zeus’s palace.
Wrinkles formed in Zeus’s hearty face as he agreed to Eros’s proposal.
He tried framing her face in a little square with his hands.
Come on, over here,” the woman screamed, sliding down the face of the cliff.
His face brightens at my statement.
I swatted an angry fly away from my face, and wiped my forehead with the bottom of my dirty shirt.
Seriously, I needed to ask you something important,” Kyle said, regret painted across his face.
I was scared of your answer,” Kyle said, his face still firmly facing the floor.
Edwin is waiting at the bottom with a huge smile on his face.
I laugh and his face seems to light up.
Slowly his face lifted.
I’m just not sure that I could,” he said, his face about to go back to the floor.
Sunglasses that fall off your face when you run, but look freaking awesome when you’re standing still.
And the way the smile lit up your whole face.
She loved the affect her temper paired with her ugly face made on people.
In it’s center was a knocker in the shape of Mrs. Madam’s ugly face.
The wind blew smoothly over my face as I dropped my bike to the ground and lifted my face to the pure white clouds above me.
The wind blew smoothly over my face as I dropped my bike to the ground and lifted my face to the pure white clouds above me.
Despite his destroyed face, he leaned down and kissed me gently.
The wind insisted on punching me in the face, so I punched it back, screaming: “Hoooo yeeeaaaaaahh!
She sat, her face buried in her knees, tucked up close to her chest, when she heard footsteps, running footsteps actually.
she thought to herself, wiping the tears from her face, momentarily distracting from her mourning.
A nervous smile kidnapped his face as he turned to his laptop and positioned the cursor over the “Run” button and said.
The little boy looked at me curiously, as if he were trying to read my face.
It was moaning, and occasionally it uttered a lamenting phrase in some incomprehensible language, and tears ran down its face.
I don’t know how there isn’t an army of gus following you around, doing what ever your lovely heart desires,” Kyle continued, Janice’s face was about as red as can be imagined, yet getting redder.
Tom always was a jealous prick,” he splutters, his face displaying cold rage.
Other subsistence farmers found themselves competing with cash-crop entrepreneurs (Jews and Arabs) whose successes changed the face of Palestinian agriculture.
Bringing my face close to the shoes, I breathed deeply of air that my parents had trapped while closing up that symbol of their love for me.
To say her face fell would do a disservice to Tasha and to literature.
Her lower lip (a trifle too narrow for her face, perhaps her only physical flaw) thrust forward slightly as she started to speak.
I will not answer the phone for a week, no matter whose face appears on it.
The child's face was a warground for wonder and mistrust.
"I think his face is his form of vanity.
Sixty years ago in a similar situation, I had broken my knuckles on someone's face.
To just shrug your shoulders and throw a hail mary pass with a smile on your face would be suicidal.
Listening and stuffing my face with all the bits of fine food provided.
Now and then, a new face mingled in the crowd.
But we see new faces.
I watched Adrienne's eyes move from one face to the next.
Adrienne steepled her fingers and studied my face.
Then a smile broke across his face and he asked, "What do you call that flower with the long stem and thorns?
Oh, soft kisses, tender caresses, send me into seizures while I discover her face.
Jake walked away with a smile on his face knowing that Alice couldn't bag an elephant, much less a deer.
The guys were still standing there with astonished looks upon their faces from the actions of the goat when a man walked up to them.
The pharmacist promptly reaches out and slaps the man's face.
Handey Hint The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of the face.
Handey Hint The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of the face.
The clergyman glared, and bit his lip while his face turned crimson, but said nothing.
Clip a lift ticket to the zipper of your jacket and ride a motorcycle fast enough to make the ticket lacerate your face.
Fill a blender with ice, hit the pulse button and let the spray blast your face.
Smiling sweetly, the Sunday School teacher said, "Bobby, when I as a child I was told that if I made ugly faces, it would freeze and I would stay like that.
He sees his uncle in bed with a respirator mask over his face.
CLARK moves to put the mask back on ROLAND's face.
We can't see his face, but he makes his way over to two other individuals standing apart from the main group who we only see from the back.
She grinned and gave me a kiss across the table, her lips soft and firm and sticking just enough that she gave the feeling you were really kissing, not just pressing your face into someone else’s.
The blue haze seemed to stop just shy of his pallor, setting off his striking face without illuminating its details, and his wrists flashed white in the darkness.
Its face was small and wrinkled, with penny-sized smoked glasses balanced on its thin nose.
He took us to the door of a building like a short pagoda that had a sign hanging over it showing a face with hands uplifted, like a saint under G d’s light, and handcuffed.
I couldn’t tell what the thoughtful look on her face meant.
The glow reflected on her pink face, casting a sickly pallor over her heartbeat-strong cheeks.
She shook her head, rubbing her face into the white fur and murmuring something.
I dodged, but he tossed it, and I held the box in front of my face.
Rachel, her clothes torn and her face drawn, looked like she might cry when she saw me.
Drunk with a smile on his face.
A familiar face!
Scene: CANNIBAL ISLAND: hut [Jack is running off with the bamboo pole tied to his back] [Jack encounters the cannibal boy, standing silently with a fork and a knife, one in each hand] [Jack grabs the knife from the boy, and begins cutting his rope off] [two cannibal women appear] [Jack charges, but the bamboo pole on his back spears a coconut in a pile near the cliff edge] [Jack turns suddenly, which flings the coconut off the end of the pole into a cannibal's face] [the cannibal slowly lifts the dripping coconut off his face, scowling at Jack] Scene: CANNIBAL ISLAND: cage [the cage rolls over a ledge into a small chasm holding a river] [cannibals throw spears and shoot arrows at the men in the water, the men swim underwater] GIBBS: This way, lads!
Scene: CANNIBAL ISLAND: hut [Jack is running off with the bamboo pole tied to his back] [Jack encounters the cannibal boy, standing silently with a fork and a knife, one in each hand] [Jack grabs the knife from the boy, and begins cutting his rope off] [two cannibal women appear] [Jack charges, but the bamboo pole on his back spears a coconut in a pile near the cliff edge] [Jack turns suddenly, which flings the coconut off the end of the pole into a cannibal's face] [the cannibal slowly lifts the dripping coconut off his face, scowling at Jack] Scene: CANNIBAL ISLAND: cage [the cage rolls over a ledge into a small chasm holding a river] [cannibals throw spears and shoot arrows at the men in the water, the men swim underwater] GIBBS: This way, lads!
A fearsome creature with giant tentacles that suction your face clean off.
His face soft as if caught between a smile and tears, he draped his loose cape over her shoulders.
Arthur's face assumed a long-suffering aspect of authoritative exasperation.
His hair fell loosely across a face that seemed always to have a knowing smirk hidden just beneath its surface, infusing his body with a rakish energy.
Allan exhaled and leaned back into the chair, his face relaxing in imitation of his thoughts.
Nathan promised to show the story to a printer he knew and Allan left it with him, then walked home under the spreading maples with a smile lingering on his face.
Antenna a cold face for architecture magazine.
Sorry girls, this pretty face's off the market :) Just sitting in the front of the apple store Eating at zippys What a great days at Lift Conference in Geneva....
And while it's true that you can't pack as much psychological detail into a movie as you can into a novel, director Philip Saville and screenwriter Adrian Hodges bring out the yeasty subtext of even the most brittle encounters: The suspense is in waiting to hear how characters will phrase what you've already read in their faces.
How can I have my new face and my old friend at the same time?
Reporters cluster around, attaching microphones to his lapels, and sticking tape recorders and cameras in his face.
The only really great moment in the entire hour is the look on his face when the male shrink he goes to in desperation says he can't take on a patient in Tony's line of work.
From Lorena to Eleanor: "I've been trying today to bring back your face.
The WP says that one modification being explored to close the deal is a force with a significant Russian component, which would allow Yugoslavia's president Slobodan Milosevic to save face because Russia has been a staunch supporter of his.
After she kicked the winning goal, ABC put a microphone in her face and asked her to tell the nation about Akers.
Gracie's face grew drawn, and he squirmed wildly to avoid Severn's bombardment.
Wouldn't you prefer to see the face and hear the voice?
Foggo, Foggo, face like a froggo!
an alternative to a dispreferred expression, in order to avoid possible loss of face: either one's own face or, through giving offense, that of the audience, or of some third party.
Faults in the face provide the means for climbing it.
The paper's medical correspondent explained that "any serious burn to the feet, hands, face or genitalia is considered of great medical importance and is usually treated in hospital."
Her celebrity image is both frivolous and terrifying: Imagine the souls of Fran Lebowitz and Yogi Berra mingling in a woman who looked like an ancient statue, with a huge, flat face and dark little dots for eyes.
Echoes of the scandal abroad: 1) China replied to U.S. criticism of its human-rights abuses by accusing the United States of corruption for letting its political parties sell face time with their leaders.
Aside from asking George W. Bush to come forward and give specifics on the issues that you mentioned, could you tell us what you find objectionable about his trying to present a new moderate face for his party just like you did for the Democrats?
The most vivid moments in Kubrick's films in the last 30 years have come when he has turned his actor's faces into masks: Think of Malcolm McDowell in A Clockwork Orange (1971), Jack Nicholson in The Shining (1980), and Vincent D'Onofrio in Full Metal Jacket (1987).
The notion is ludicrous on the face of it.
I am not persuaded that a speaker who offends a hearer's sensibilities directly suffers loss of face: loss of face could come about only by some retaliatory action of the hearer's.
The aliphatic portions of the side chains of both Lys61's may play roles in RNA binding since they cross the faces of both adenosines.
The four third-grade protagonists--Stan, Kyle the Jew, fat Cartman, and mush-mouthed sacrificial lamb Kenny--sing a Rodgers and Hammerstein-style ode to their "peaceful, redneck, podunk" wintry mountain town (where denizens step over the homeless on their way to church services), and then bluff their way into an R-rated Canadian cartoon called Asses of Fire . That picture stars a crudely drawn, Beavis and Butt-head-type duo called Terrance and Phillip, who entertain each other by spewing four-letter words and passing gas in each other's faces.
Burton relishes squirting blood in this know-it-all's face: Ichabod is the movie's dashing hero and also the butt of its jokes.
When an actress such as Patricia Arquette presents a blank face to the camera, it's really blank, but Pfeiffer's blankness can make you seasick with its sloshing, stormy underpinnings.
every time Upham's face filled the screen.)
Biochemical studies have pointed out that the PRC-barrel of the purple bacterial PRC-H lies on the cytosolic face of the reaction center and directly affects the redox processes during the photosynthetic reaction [ 16, 28].
In the summer of 1955 or 1956, Mr Rivers saw among the customers a tiny old lady with beady eyes, a pointed nose and a ruddy, weatherbeaten, pinched-up face.
The camera, meanwhile, rests on the face of Kubrick's protagonist, a New York doctor called Bill Harford, who's only just comprehending the horror of what he has witnessed over the previous 24 hours--the bestial evil under the waltzing façade of civilization.
I have not seen the face of God, but I have seen a certain Washington literary editor who looks like the Wrath of God.
The anonymity it allows emboldens people to say things to each other they would never say face to face.
Moreover, “loss of face” is entirely irrelevant: if what is meant is embarrassment , then why not call it that?
"I paint my face and travel at night," he once said of his work at the coalition.
For example, La chata is an affectionate slang term meaning `funny face,' `honey,' or `cutie,' but in Central America or Spain a fellow would probably be punched out if he were to call his girl a `bedpan' or `barge'!
Loral's chairman, the paper notes with a straight face, was the largest personal donor to the Democratic Party last year.
Finally, turning to her toilet, she rested her face in her hands, and gave a sort of groan.”
Unfortunately neither of the assumptions is verifiable, but they are reasonable, and therefore have "face" validity.
What would Exley make of this week's story in the National Enquirer on the nightmare of being married to Kathie Lee by her first husband, Paul Johnson, who offers this observation, "I see Frank Gifford with the same confused look on his face that I used to get.
!!) will be another contestant in the American juvenile falling on his face doing period European drama contest.
Yet, both guilt and grace shared space on front pages and TV screens a few days ago; they came together in the face of Phan Thi Kim Phuc, who, after 24 years of mute and frozen accusation, stepped forward at this year's Veterans Day ceremony in Washington, D.C., to lay to rest that portion of a painful past that she has carried in her own face.
Luckily for us Caribbeans, humor plays a great part in our daily lives and laughter is generally much more common than a gloomy face.
I find it interesting that my representative in Congress, Thomas Bliley, can, with a straight face, recommend subsidies for these farmers when he and others in his party have vowed to get rid of "welfare as we know it."
Mural Hill is so called because the sheer cliff face comprises so many patches of color that it might be a fresco.
Max Fischer (Jason Schwartzman), the 15-year-old protagonist of Wes Anderson's well-reviewed comedy Rushmore , looks like Tom Cruise with his face pinched between a giant's thumb and forefinger so that his tiny eyes are squashed together and his big nose and teeth pop out.
A full-length view of the girl, shot from behind in sharply faded color, then a less clearly articulated close-up of her face.
But she also draws a clear, important conclusion: "On the question of gun control, the mirror has only one face.
When California Caucasians are practicing Feng Shui and Zen meditation, when suburban Asian teens are reciting gangsta rap lyrics, when salsa sales are surging past ketchup sales, how can we speak with a straight face about the ineffaceable whiteness of American life?
Station VI: Veronica wipes Jesus’s face.
Rooms display sacred art, archaeological remains, the original charter of Lagos, holy vestments, and a bizarre collection of creatures, like a science experiment gone bad: an eight-legged goat kid preserved in formaldehyde, a one-eyed sheep, a cat with two faces.
The recent Post redesign aches like a bad face lift.
Beneath the roadside sycamores, as if a newsreel unspooled in my head, I see a squirrel, gaunt, great-eyed as a prisoner half-starved, its face dissolving into the demon's face ...
If two partners earn $40,000 each, a decision to get married could, on its face, cost them more than $1,000.
If you use a computer to merge a lot of faces together, the result tends to look as fetching as Leonardo DiCaprio.
ein Gesicht wie 37 Tage Regenwetter haben, Lit. to have a face like 37 days of rain: to have a long face
I would recommend these metaphysical exercises as a cheap alternative to reading The Face and The Hand .
The face of Europe might look quite a bit different.
A "photo lab" does fun-house-mirror tricks to Lewinsky' face.
Osment's pinched, old-young face suggests an ancient's insight without an ancient's defenses--a sensitivity so exquisitely morbid that you worry more for his emotional than physical well-being.
But rather than explore any of this interesting territory, Hughes opts for the Soviet encyclopedia approach, removing any possible blemish from the face of the leader.
Bedoya's smooth Mayan face contorts into a sneer, Badges?
This effect was first noticed when a 19 th century eugenicist tried to create an average criminal face by making a photographic composite of lots of mug shots.
The face has an obviously simian cast--yet the creature sports a tweed coat and spectacles and parts his silver hair on the side; he bears a distinct resemblance to the late George Burns.
What he sees twists Cage's hitherto poker face into an increasingly Eastwoodesque grimace.
The WP gives its Turkey coverage a human face, using extensive interviews with survivors and relatives of the dead to paint a macabre picture of the quake's aftermath.
Club . Jonze is never in your face: His instincts must have told him that hyping gags this outlandish would turn the picture into camp.
The face of Naples has been made and remade by its many earthquakes, permitting — imposing — transitions from Gothic to Renaissance and Baroque.
Hurt's face is so deeply lined that he now resembles Boris Karloff's mummy--not flesh and blood but flakes and embalming fluid.
"All Americans must recognize that the face of terror is not the true face of Islam," President Bush observed."
I thought I saw the flicker of a responsive grin cross his face.
Do I want to see his "sincere" face on television every day?
My voice has been recorded and Barbra Streisand's face and name have been associated with the sound tracks and recordings made by the motion picture industry.
When she speaks Shakespearean verse, that nervy edge deserts her: She makes her face a blank and pipes her lines arrhythmically, like a clueless high-school thespian.
The twin fire-doors wheezed shut behind two girls.His face deepened to a face I've cometo think of, on other faces, as ancient, accepting.
Can the president do a mea culpa knowing that the video of Hillary saying it "would be a very serious offense" would be thrown back in his face again and again and again?
Loops of rope or tape, called slings , fitted with karabiners or krabs `metal snaplinks,' are used for running belays or runners . These are placed on the rock face during the ascent and used to prevent the leader from falling too far.
The late 15th-century cathedral (Duomo di San Giovanni) cherishes one of Italy’s most celebrated (and controversial) relics, the shroud said to have wrapped Jesus after his descent from the cross, taking the imprint of his face and body.
The author barely bothers to characterize England under siege (he was more evocative when his settings were farther from home, as they almost always were); and the last third--in which the atheistic Maurice has his face rubbed in the rightness of Sarah's faith--feels like a denouement, not a climax.
The FALN terrorists have accepted Bill's clemency offer, and she ends up with nothing but egg on her face.
The agonized expression on his face looks like a kind of rapture.
McCain clenched his teeth, screwed up his face, and snarled, "GRRRRRRR."
He speaks the movie's epitaph, "Darkness and light, strife and love: Are they the workings of one mind, the feature of the same face?
al . have suggested that W183 may be involved in a cation-π interaction with the amino group of 5-HT and m CPBG [ 26 ] . If W183 and Y142 are located near each other but on opposite faces of the binding site in the 5-HT 3 R, then they could potentially act in concert to help stabilize a conformation of the receptor leading to channel opening.
Italian women coat their faces with col cream , Romanians ride the trolleybus , and Spaniards, when they feel chilly, don a sueter . Almost everyone in the world speaks on the telephone or the telefoon or even, in China, the te le fung . And almost everywhere you can find nightclubs and television .
Thus, because positively selected gp120 variants found throughout gp120 may be selected by T-cell immunity, QUASI's finding that the non-neutralizing face includes positively selected variants is not at odds with models where the non-neutralizing face forms the gp120 trimer interface.
2. Dangerous toy--vinyl face made with phthalates, cause of liver cancer in laboratory mice.
ein Gesicht wie 37 Tage Regenwetter haben, Lit. to have a face like 37 days of rain: to have a long face
Schiemann thought that this was placed over the face of the dead King Agamemnon around 1200 b.c., but in fact it dates from over 300 years earlier; the prehistoric rooms also have a collection of Cycladic figures dating from the third millennium b.c.
Those reported to be contemplating plastic surgery include pop star Britney Spears (liposuction, per the Star ), Judge Judy Sheindlin (face lift, breast lift, dermabrasion, also from the Star ), and Camilla Parker Bowles ($50,000 worth of miscellaneous fixes, to help her win the race against Sophie Rhys-Jones to "become the new Princess Diana," says the Globe ). The most talked-about face lift prospect is, of course, Hillary Rodham Clinton.
The Nation 's Katha Pollitt takes Putnam's very example, the shift from league bowling to ad hoc bowling, and suggests that "[that] story could be told as one of happy progress from a drink-sodden night of spouse-avoidance with the same old faces from work to temperate and spontaneous fun with one's intimate friends and family."
After the dive, Greenspan was universally lauded for putting a happy face on the market in congressional testimony.
Nor are QUASI's results incompatible with the silent face being silent to B-cell immunity.
Her face has the freshness of a junior-high-school yearbook photo--it might be the apotheosis of the junior-high-school yearbook photo--and there's more than a touch of Barbie in her long thighs and high bottom.
But when Thomas Wilson in his Art of Rhetoric (1553) speaks of travail and toil with the sweat of his brows, we can be sure that he is referring to Adam's expulsion from Eden and the beginning of toil for everyone (though Genesis III.19 in the Authorized Version follows Coverdale in using the words sweat of thy face ).
And now they turned to us, this sea of people, more than three hundred of them, shouting and screaming, men swinging fists and weapons, women swinging heavy purses, little children clawing with their fingernails at the faces of anyone they could reach.
And, when I left the library that evening, you can bet I had a smile on my face.
In Greek mythology, mortals who looked upon Medusa's face were turned to stone.
In Britain, the Times reported on its front page how a little boy in Yorkshire had been struck across the face by a department-store Santa Claus after questioning his legitimacy, claiming to have seen another Santa Claus in another department store only a short time beforehand.
A breathy ex-prostitute now going to seed, she bathes Harry, controls the light in his room, and warns him off relations with "sluts" while hovering inches from his face in low-cut nighties.
Brother Purvis strained the buttons on his vest as his face purpled and he growled (as Samson vainly resisting Delilah), “She tempts me, Lord!
Even when the face is utterly impassive, we can know what it's thinking, I know what it's thinking , and enjoy a moment of mind reading."
The face of a Japanese soldier encased in earth speaks from the dead, "Are you righteous?
They run right over your face when you're in a sleeping bag," says Gary Davis, a biologist at Channel Islands National Park--referring either to the Wayans brothers scavenging for gags or to deer mice infested with hantavirus.
So, when Moses came down from the mountain, “the skin of his face shone” (King James Version).
Using GRASP [ 32] Zhang et al . [ 26] predicted a positively charged patch on the face of the protein opposite K46, and a negatively charged patch on a face adjacent to K46.
There is much maundering in The Face about the face of the Mona Lisa , the face of Jesus, the face of God.
C. "A fresh face."
Street theater, face painting, and hands-on art shows will keep up their enthusiasm and interest.
This idea is even fashionably acceptable for the chic face and body and for certain clothes, but not for modish hair.
The NYT and LAT fronts report that Planned Parenthood and several doctors have brought a private federal civil suit against the proprietors of an anti-abortion Web site that suggests abortion providers are like Nazis and groups the names and faces of some doctors providing the procedure on a Wanted Poster-style list it calls the "Deadly Dozen."
1893-'98) with gray-white bodies, their faces daubed with green and orange, look like they've just stepped out of a grave--or a badly colorized film.
A "non-neutralizing" face has been identified where binding Abs generally do not neutralize HIV when gp120 is oligomerized [ 45, 47]; these data were interpreted as indicating that the non-neutralizing face is occluded in the trimer and that binding Abs are raised against shed gp120 monomers.
These were a development from the fayum paintings that covered the face of the dead in the sarcophagi of Egyptian mummies.
But some faces are even more pleasing than the average face.
Rooms display sacred art, archaeological remains, the original charter of Lagos, holy vestments, and a bizarre collection of creatures, like a science experiment gone bad: an eight-legged goat kid preserved in formaldehyde, a one-eyed sheep, a cat with two faces.
Ruth Flanders's Foreign Treasures [XXII, 1,21] includes a face like 37 days of rain.
Perhaps his most engaging eccentricity was the way he reared his dog: he apparently brought it up to think of itself as a cat, to the point where it even used its paws to wash its face.
I imagine that he was powerfully moved by Daryl Hannah's punky, kick-boxing android in Blade Runner as well as her lissome, childlike mermaid in Splash ; he has created a role for the Ukrainian-born model Jovovich, who has an urchin's face atop a willowy body, that's a strange fusion of both.
But the publication also says that she is recording a blues album, all the better to "[rub] her martyrdom in the face of her errant husband."
After an epic exchange of personal pirouettes she delivered the knockout punch with the following: I told her to her face, [an aberrant piece of straighttalking, this] Don't you turn round to me and tell me I turned round and accused you of being two-faced.
As a white journalist (played by Eastwood) hastens to save an innocent black man (Isaiah Washington) from execution for the murder of a pregnant white convenience-store cashier, Eastwood cuts from the reporter's car careening around hairpin curves to poison-bearing tubes being inserted into the black man's veins: screeching car, needle in vein, screeching car, poison descending the tube, screeching car, clock going tick-tick-tick, glazed expression on the dying man's face, screeech ...
One group had a woman in front, their faces twisted in anger, screaming, "Git them niggers, GIT them niggers.
Suddenly, I was face to face with one of the recurring nightmares of bourgeois life.
But on their heads, they wear a modern silk scarf, a Gucci look-alike or a Hermès knockoff folded close around the face to hide a third of it, along with the ears, the whole neck, and every scrap of hair.
See it for Jeneane Garafolo as a sour, sarcastic FBI agent and Vince Vaughn as a rhinestone cowboy trucker whose unlined face and bland bonhomie grow more hilariously creepy with each passing corpse.
2. Draw a smiley face on the bill.
Yet some centuries before there was a boy named Anne : the full-bearded face of Anne de Montmorency 1493-1567, soldier, courtier, Constable of France, gazes from his portrait with supreme aristocratic confidence.
The attendance of more than 16,000 at the International Festival confirmed our belief in our own festival publicity "Many Faces, One World.
The ornamental gilded clock face has only one hand, for the hours.
The one that works best for me is to review the list of names I should know and visualize their faces.
One day it shouts obscenities in your face.
A yawning gap in the lineup of military officers; a face that failed to match the body attached to it; a face whose shading did not match that of the faces on either side; an elbow marooned in space, bereft of other body parts--such things could just pass for evidence of ineptitude.
President Clinton gave a six-hour deposition in the Paula Jones case . With Jones "staring him in the face," he reportedly testified that he hadn't exposed himself to her and didn't recall meeting her.
They were said to have carried their deadly charges in attach, cases, with the result that the lower parts of their bodies were torn away but their faces were curiously intact.
Maureen Dowd opines that Bob Dole has had a face lift and she thinks she knows why: "Because he really, really wants to be First Lady."
In central Indiana today we hear unfamiliar languages and see the faces of newcomers who are making our city their home.
At the very least, you'll give one child the chance to see God's face, and feel His love.
The saintly assassin draws the line at shooting a little boy, however, so the kingpin, along with Jürgen Prochnow and other killers with scarred-in-hell faces, comes after him with Uzis, rocket-launchers, and so on.
Fans rated it the most disgusting offense in the history of sports, surpassing the outrages perpetrated by Roberto Alomar (spitting in an umpire's face), Dennis Rodman (kicking a cameraman in the groin), and others.
UPN recently, imprudently, trimmed the word "McNasty" from the title of Shasta McNasty , rendering it a naked Shasta . Here's a way for them to boost their ratings, repair their grievous show-naming error, and still save face: "Gore/Bradley McNasty Smackdown!"
Hannah Höch said she discovered its possibilities when she saw a kitsch tableau of German military glory; the idealized soldier had her landlord's face pasted on.
Their sacred mission: to get it on with the male party-goers, all of whom are still wrapped in their own cloaks and whose faces are hidden under studiously grotesque masks.
' A momentary flicker of perplexity on the interviewer's face showed that he had not the slightest idea of what the speaker had said, but he blandly continued without missing a stroke.
While FDA Rule is nowhere near as dramatic as other spots of its ilk (one shows a tobacco junkie smoking through a hole in her neck; another, a teen smoker's face putrefying, shedding worms, as she brushes her teeth; a third, Marlboro Man Wayne McLaren dying of lung cancer), it makes its point: Hook one kid early with promotions, and peer pressure will do the rest.
Tasmanian English, then, presents an interesting face to the outside world, partly the face of a genuine regional dialect nurtured by the stability and comparative isolation of its population, and partly a construct of the tourist industry, which harnesses both the new and the old to create a viable contemporary image.
And while he hasn't rubbed his game wing directly in Clinton's draft-dodging face in pursuit of votes, he'll probably do whatever it takes to win if he's woefully behind in October.
Using one of the former's most powerful ploys, it chooses to come at the viewer obliquely via a human face, a human tragedy, that carefully fronts the industry behind.
There's a scene in Carl Sagan's excellent novel Contact when Ellie Arroway, his protagonist, whooshes down some kind of intragalactic "wormhole" and winds up on a sunny beach, face to face with an alien.
Proofreaders use a special set of marks, signs and symbols to indicate on the gallery proofs the required corrections--deletions, insertions, size or type of fonts (lower case letters, capitals, bold face), space notations (size of paragraph indents, missing spaces between words or extra spaces within words, type and length of dash), etc.
Undaunted, Chatterbox marched off to a nearby bookstore and purchased What the Face Reveals: Basic and Applied Studies of Spontaneous Expression Using the Facial Action Coding System (FACS) , edited by Ekman and Erika Rosenberg.
And Inglish speech is not complete without nodding of the head, some gesticulation, and an expressive face.
The minimal objects in a spin network are discrete combinatorial objects that constitute first a tetrahedron, with four vertices and four triangular faces.
The principal sculpture, five times life-size, displays features typical of that dynasty’s Buddhist art: a thin face, large eyes, straight nose, and quiet smile.
The Post Express of Nigeria said in an editorial that it would like to "commend the American people for their watchful insistence on probity and moral rectitude for public office holders," but proposed caution in pursuing Clinton because "it will be foolhardy for America to cut its nose to spite its face."
Station VI (Veronica wipes Jesus’s face): Your guide may have a door in the wall opened to reveal the little Church of St. Veronica, built in the restored vaults of a Crusader monastery.
Here and through the spot, she speaks directly to the camera, her earnest face and voice limning with hope the shots of an ailing elder and of single, bleak lines of text that bring the disease to life and the living room.
Armed with canes decorated with bunches of rosemary, the participants proceed on foot to the monastery, where they venerate the Holy Face cloth that, according to tradition, retained the bloodstained image of Jesus’ face after Saint Veronica used it to wipe his brow as he went to Calvary.
The story reports that the GOP leadership would like to see a change in the CBO's forecasting models and probably some new faces over there too.
Here in a glass case is Man Ray's Gift (1921): a clothes iron painted black with a row of 13 tacks glued headfirst into the face.
He serves up in full the swiftly rotting texture of , , the way every observer is drawn into the general inanity and loses face in the act of . (Click on the underlined phrases for samples of Indiana's vicious analysis.)
In Saint Francis Receiving the Stigmata (1767-69), the saint cranes his neck (as we do) to see the weird God hovering above him: a round sun with a human face and four pairs of wings that shoots golden laser beams down into Francis' palms.
The guards slip a black leather hood over his face and screw the head electrode, with its circular sponge, down onto the top of his skull.
Correspondingly, male consumers are being sold fickle and impossible images of their sexuality and their social honour: fickle because the clothes, face creams, and similar goods now change like women's hemlines, offering no stable sense of self, impossible ornaments because the Porsche and the $10 cigar lie in the realm of fantasy for most men struggling to make ends meet.
Egloff and colleagues identified seven acidic surface residues on the catalytic face of PP1c γ that are replaced by neutral or basic residues in PP2A [ 25 ] . They suggest the presence of these acidic residues in PP1c γ may explain why casein is a good substrate for PP2A, but not for PP1.
Book -- Man Without a Face: The Autobiography of Communism's Greatest Spymaster , by Markus Wolf with Anne McElvoy;
In one, a group of placid girls jump rope while immediately behind them lie the severed heads of three men, horrified expressions on their faces, and pairs of disembodied hands (their own?
The cover package celebrates the century in entertainment with anecdotes told by stars and their hangers-on: Ira Gershwin's brother-in-law describes how he manufactured ketchup (he said "to-may-toes," but his suppliers said "to-mah-toes"); Little Ricky remembers what it was like to grow up as Lucy and Desi's TV son; Barbra Streisand claims she was never a shrew on the set; a Titanic producer tells how Kate Winslet improvised an enduring moment in cinema--spitting in the face of co-star Billy Zane, etc. ...
Perhaps her fading mind called up once more the shadows of the past to float before it, and retraced, for the last time, the vanished visions of that long history--passing back and back, through the cloud of years, to older and ever older memories--to the spring woods at Osborne, so full of primroses for Lord Beaconsfield--to Lord Palmerston's queer clothes and high demeanour, and Albert's face under the green lamp, and Albert's first stag at Balmoral, and Albert in his blue and silver uniform, and the Baron coming in through a doorway, and Lord M. dreaming at Windsor with the rooks cawing in the elm-trees, and the Archbishop of Canterbury on his knees in the dawn, and the old King's turkeycock ejaculations, and Uncle Leopold's soft voice at Claremont, and Lehzen with the globes, and her mother's feathers sweeping down towards her, and a great old repeater-watch of her father's in its tortoise shell case, and a yellow rug, and some friendly flounces of sprigged muslin, and the trees and the grass at Kensington.
House Republicans will have placed a clean, good-natured speaker at the front of their parade, a bland and acceptable public face for the party.
And on the face of it, why not?
The GOP needs to shut Burton up and make the magisterial Henry Hyde, R-Ill., the face of the GOP investigation, advises David Gergen ( The McLaughlin Group ). Robert Novak ( Capital Gang ) reveals that Burton was nearly sent packing by a panicked Gingrich, who was placated when Burton fired David Bossie, a top aide.
There is a loss of face in the move of the bank's home office, as well as a blow to San Francisco's economy.
With a ground plan the size of the Greek Parthenon and a structure half as tall again, this was the work of the eighth-century Deccan king Krishna I. In the process of shaping the temple and its shrines in an area 82 m (265 ft) long and some 47 m (150 ft) wide, leaving the back “wall” of the courtyard 30 m (97 ft) high, an amazing 200,000 tons of rock were cut away from the face of the hill.
Dr. Alice Rossi, who analyzed that data, said, "The Gail Sheehy image of the menopausal woman with sweat running down her face is just not true."
There is much maundering in The Face about the face of the Mona Lisa , the face of Jesus, the face of God.
As for Keegan and The Face of Battle , Guatam Makunda inadvertently makes my point for me: Keegan would not have had to weigh in if there wasn't a raging debate about the rightness or wrongness of Henry's actions.
"Way Richard Nixon's face bleeds off the side of the urinal cake.
Sadly enough, as Italy put on its best face for the nationwide celebration of Jubilee 2000, a series of corruption scandals (tangenti) revealed the dirty and deep-rooted hold of politicians and business tycoons alike that began in the early to mid 1990s.
When this region was analyzed using a helical wheel projection, the three residues fall on the same face of the helix, which appears to be largely hydrophobic in nature (Fig.
Decorum is what you spit in the face of.
Unearthed in Faro, it is nicknamed the “Ocean Mosaic,” for it depicts a bearded sea-god (though the bulldozer that discovered it in 1976 shaved off the lower half of his face).
I'll see the film again for the last sequence alone: anything to stare at Redgrave's face once more, to hear her say, "You want to say to each moment: 'Stay.
Indianapolis is a city of many voices and many faces.
My Yorkshire friend looked inquiringly into my face.
A strenuous climb up the sheer face of the Western Hills via tunnels and stair treads carved from stone ultimately leads to Dragon’s Gate (Longmen).
Jeb Bush once drew me aside at the Republican Convention, stuck his finger in my face and told me he had only two words for me--"Walk softly."
New Faces to Fill Pleasants Seats.
Lincoln thought it obviously wrong for men “to ask a just God’s assistance in wringing their bread from the sweat of other men’s faces.”
It surrounds my head in a warm nimbus of fake fur, my brow, ears, and nape encompassed by golden foxy fleece, my pate upholstered with plushy leopard pelt, my beardless face mitigating the rabbinical flavor.
"A young Audrey Hepburn as refashioned for the post-grunge crowd" (Elysa Gardner, Entertainment Weekly ). Cynics contend she's a "producer's puppet," a pretty face who can't write songs or sing (David Thigpen, Time ).
Thernstrom's anecdote about how Powell became brigadier general is ambiguous on its face.
Those who are not designers but typographers steeped in statistics of readability and other scientific applications to typography are fully aware that because of the redundancy built into its characters, almost any serif font is more (readily) legible than any sans-serif face, and trying to make a book look modern by using sans-serif makes no sense at all.
The face opposite this binding site presents a patch of positively charged residues, supporting the hypothesis of a nucleotide binding function for at least some subclades of the YbaK family.
Regarding "Onward, Christian Clothiers": I often wonder if the peddlers of religious schlock have actually read any Scripture beyond the gory "here's hell in your face" passages.
Well, actually, yes, about a million things (car chases, ocean liners taking on water) when the words are Virginia Woolf's and the face is Vanessa Redgrave's.
Other subsistence farmers found themselves competing with cash-crop entrepreneurs (Jews and Arabs) whose successes changed the face of Palestinian agriculture.
There, accompanying a story about politicians speaking their minds about other countries, you'll find a looming picture of Al Gore, cropped so close that none of his hair is visible and you can see the sweat that's bubbling out of every giant pore in his face.
"In the past, Mr Jiang always timed the release of prominent political prisoners to smooth relations and give his hosts some face so they could claim credit for improving China's record.
When Lincoln posed for Brady in 1860, during a campaign swing through New York City, Brady's staff retouched the negative to reel in Lincoln's roving left eye, and erased the lines on his face.
At Casa del Veguero (Carretera a Viñales, km 25) you’ll find the grizzled farmer “El Niño,” whom the government has unofficially appointed the face of tobacco — Cuba’s Marlboro man.
Fleming's poker face is perfect for making you giggle at offhand insertions of Watergate minutiae or urban-paranoid compositions cribbed from Alan J. Pakula's film of All the President's Men (1976).
Esquire 's coup: face time with the reclusive Clarence Thomas.
Despite the fact that, on its face, it is punishment, we shouldn't think of it that way.
It's capitalism with an inhuman face.
Before war and revolution changed its face, Shanghai was dominated by foreign fortune-hunters, social climbers, and a glittering array of sinners.
Then Bush turned away from the question, as if resisting the effort to laugh in the questioner's face.
And she, her back to him, seems only what she shows as she bends over, reaching between her splayed legsto pick it up, her face a moment upside down beneath her crotch, her pink tongue flickering levelwith the face she watches watching her, the face void
The first shows late 16 th century fashion looking ridiculous only on the aging queen herself, as if no other woman at the time ever wore a rigid farthingale and stuffed sleeves, a tightly frizzed wig and a bushel of pearls, or painted her face with white paste.
Her face and form are frequently deciphered on tortillas, shadows on walls, and the trunks of trees.
There are two other Holy Face handkerchiefs — one in Jaén and the other in the Vatican.
He'll drop everything for a goofy face, a riff, a flaky bit of business.
Subunits are composed of 2 faces (+ and -) with the + face of one subunit forming one side of the binding site and the - face of another subunit forming the complimentary side.
Every time I saw an Istanbul girl with a silk scarf pinching her head and reducing her face, I would think, heavens, take it off, let me show you how to wear it becomingly with your nice suit--and then I would remember that, above the shoulders, unattractiveness is the whole point.
And every time D'Amato has attacked, Schumer has fired it back in his face.
Her face, applied by celebrity makeup artist Kevin Aucoin, had lost that jolie laide quality that used to make her so compelling.
But it was not that carnage that so influenced Minor's life, in Winchester's view, but the order that the doctor brand an Irish deserter on the face with a D.
Did you notice on Meet the Press how Drudge's face seems to curve from top to bottom like a giant half-moon letter "C"?
His photography was the first thing that got him in trouble, too, as his wildly angled close-ups of the faces of the Young Pioneers were denounced as "grotesque" by members of conservative art factions.
(The bus ads give impotence treatment a friendly face, usually depicting a balding, pocket-protector-wearing doctor.)
She bit off her nose to spite her face adds a contortionist twist to an already harsh metaphor.
Animals with paws must have big, furry, jutting muzzles, which rule out a face.
In reality, green is the color of the stunted pines clinging to purple cliff faces.
A distraught look emerged on the husband's face and his wife stared coldly at him.
If the tubulin subunit is thought of as a cube, it would have six faces.
In other respects, the image is that of an Asian kewpie doll--powdered face, braids, tassels, and a silk gown.
I was very embarrassed and could feel my face flush.
There is, on the face of it, something ridiculous about a three-blade razor.
The platform has an inscription recording his last words, Hé Ram (Oh, God), and nearby, a sign declares that most famous Gandhi talisman: “Recall the face of the poorest and most helpless man whom you may have seen and ask yourself if the step you contemplate is going to be of any help to him. ”
Sinatra had been one of the first artists to start his own record label (Reprise, in 1961): This was recognized in the late '70s as proof of his artistic integrity and a kick in the smug face of corporate music.
Known as the Cruz de Portugal (Cross of Portugal), it depicts the crucifixion of Christ on one face and the descent from the cross on the other.
However bravely you sweep away customs barriers and encourage Europeans to move freely over the face of their continent, they will continue to come terrible and humiliating croppers at these invisible boundaries.
an alternative to a dispreferred expression, in order to avoid possible loss of face: either one's own face or, through giving offense, that of the audience, or of some third party.
Staring at our face in the mirror, as The Face author points out, "we become first and third person at once, viewer and viewed.
Ex-girlfriend Farrow levels some familiar charges (Allen put his face in the lap of their 8-year-old daughter, Dylan, and kept pornographic Polaroids of Soon Yi) but adds instances of pettier meanness (he lashed out at Farrow when she invited him to her son's sixth-grade graduation).
The self that observes the world as a Cartesian spectator lurks directly behind the face, just above the eyes.
Since it stays with you continuously, even while you're naked, your hair adorns your most intimate identity, just as your face does, and only secondarily supports the roles you play in life.
The paper says Clinton, "his face contorted in anger, raged at the crowd to get back."
The more formulaic shows (CNN's Capital Gang , The McLaughlin Group , Fox News Sunday ) offered predictions for 1998 and "awards" (Worst Politician, Biggest Loser, Brightest New Face) to disguise their lack of enterprise, while the more somber programs dodged hard work with toasts to their last 50 years ( Meet the Press ), their last 30 years ( Washington Week in Review ), and their last year ( Face the Nation ).
The TV lights were still in Joyner-Kersee's face, the face that had been buried in the track less than an hour before.
Those reported to be contemplating plastic surgery include pop star Britney Spears (liposuction, per the Star ), Judge Judy Sheindlin (face lift, breast lift, dermabrasion, also from the Star ), and Camilla Parker Bowles ($50,000 worth of miscellaneous fixes, to help her win the race against Sophie Rhys-Jones to "become the new Princess Diana," says the Globe ). The most talked-about face lift prospect is, of course, Hillary Rodham Clinton.
But Wallace never paid a visit to Folsom to say "I ain't the same now," only to have the door slammed in his face by Folsom's wife--a scene from the film the Wallace family threatened to over.
The celebration, complete with spice cake and other goodies, is described inside at the LAT and in the WP "Style: Names & Faces."
USAT describes the mission's $266 million cost as "bargain-basement," but redeems itself by being singularly sensitive to NASA's PR efforts, noting that the mission team had been "coached on how to respond to possible questions from reporters about little green men or the 'face on Mars' (neither of which came up).
The earlier departure time is for anyone desiring to scale the north face rather than taking the gentler trail option (7.
All that is captured, of course, is Berkowitz's ambition to put himself in your face: He comes out of 20 Dates with a trophy fiancee and a feature film in major release, but absolutely no insight into dating, love, or human chemistry.
His face looks bruised and battered, and his small, sunken eyes show the marks where glasses were just removed.
She underwent repeated plastic surgeries in order to reduce her breasts, smooth her wrinkles, slim her face (alarmingly, she looks younger in the ninth season of Roseanne than she did in the first).
"Little brown people who dance around naked in your face, while ranting like imbeciles, just to get you to shoot a squirt of pepper spray at them.
But the announcement was still a welcome slap in the face to a market that was hyperventilating for no good reason at all.
There I found a watch with hands that suited me, made my purchase, and left, but a question was still ticking within: analog watch ? Presumably, the analog refers to measuring time by an analog, with hands and a circular face, rather than by the more scientific-looking digital system.
It was a disconcerting experience, waiting to enter the theater to see One True Thing . The earlier screening was ending, and out came one woman after another with tears streaming down her face or eyes bloodshot from weeping.
There is really no gracious way to receive a pie in the face ...
To the contrary--it's precisely because she is likable that her husband's handlers will stick her in our faces until we can't stand the sight of her.
Among the triumphantly glowing faces in the alien classroom was that of Bruce Monrad, the finest young linguist in our school at the time.
There are coy captions: "Was this the face that launched a thousand subpoenas?"
The real outrage is directed at a big-deal journalist (Jada Pinkett Smith) who dogs Beth, insisting that the way to free Lewis is to take her campaign to the media--a move Beth fears will fix the Malaysians' resolve to keep from losing face.
There is much maundering in The Face about the face of the Mona Lisa , the face of Jesus, the face of God.
But far more typical was the Time reviewer, Richard Corliss, who gushed: "the junk dealer Watto is a little masterpiece of design: cinnamon stubble on his corrugated face, chipped rocks for teeth, the raspy voice of Brando's Godfather speaking Turkish."
He opens an Oreo, holds it to his face, and slides his teeth along the cream while raking his opponent with invisible bullets.
One was the lingering Victorian belief that face painting was for hussies.
Instead of a mask he sometimes had a tortilla plastered on his face, wore buffalo horns and a horsetail, and of course carried the whip.
The solution was to tie makeup to the freedoms women were beginning to enjoy: The "New Woman" who worked in the city or went to college or just thought of herself as modern needed and deserved a new face for the world, just as she needed and deserved the right to work and vote.
Melfi sees patients in a roadside motel, and when Tony finally tracks her down in a diner, she spits in his face: "Fuck you!"
There are some scattered interesting bits in both The Face and The Hand , however.
Street theater, face painting, and hands-on art shows will keep up their enthusiasm and interest.
A white-haired man with olive skin and tattered clothes limped into Met Food and panhandled the clerk, one I recognized, her face mild and familiar as bread.
Bush himself couldn't utter these words with a straight face.
The true face of the alliterative compassionate conservatism?
Wednesday, he went on Nightline , and maintained with a straight face that he never intended to drag in Jones' sexual history.
During the summer festival season, children will be fascinated by the street theater, clowns, face painting, and temporary tattooing.
Running a positive campaign, he argues, "doesn't mean I'm going to stand like this forever and let someone slap my face."
Her face was red and her lipstick was off."
This regulatory genomic response of the enterocyte would result in an increase in the brush border membrane content of CaT1 calcium influx channels that could function as a gatekeeper mechanism to augment the rate of calcium entry across the apical membrane [ 9 ] . However, given that there is a Ca-dependent negative feedback mechanism to limit calcium entry through the channel by maintaining the channel in the closed position [ 14 15 ] there must be a way to remove calcium from the vicinity of the cytosolic face of the channel to optimize and sustain calcium influx rates.
Then my clothes were dryand awfully hot and I held my face to a hot dry towel.I wanted to live--to live enough; but to live all day--the sunburn and the gravitation--but my father was stillreading.
Home in Black Mountain a chile' will smack yo' face;
In the context of the book, Wickedly Funny must be interpreted as meaning cynical, bitter, sarcastic, though when it comes to people like Phyllis Diller, who is more vulgarly tragic (or tragically vulgar) than funny, it must include self-deprecating comments (Old age is when the liver spots show through your gloves; My plastic surgeon told me my face looked like a bouquet of elbows).
According to the Enquirer 's plastic surgery consultant, Dr. Jerome Craft of Palm Beach, Fla., TV news anchorman Peter Jennings had his face pulled a "bit tight, giving his eyes a slightly Oriental look."
Newsweek 's cover story on Slobodan Milosevic, "The Face of Evil," recites the now familiar story of how he co-opted Serb nationalism to fuel his own rise to power.
Clarke's live-in boyfriend, Evan Sarver, 30, a Web designer, who sits naked, his face just inches from hers."
A writer explores his own brain through magnetic resonance imaging, finding the physical locations for his ability to speak Italian, his recognition of familiar faces, and his storytelling ability.
Slavery was a system under which slaveholders were “wringing their bread from the sweat of other men’s faces.”
Indonesia watchers at the IMF believe that this "civilian face/military fist" strategy can succeed in Indonesia so long as the military remains united.
Painting a harrowing portrait of the age-ravaged face, she wrote, "Mr.
Not improper on its face, it leads to embarrassing moments when people yell Jim as I walk away, not even suspecting they are talking to me.
Once she is picked up and seated in the car, or on the horse, she shows her face to her victim.
Some binding loops (A, B and C) are present on the - face while the remaining loops (D and E) are present on the + face.
The important thing is that they recognize a face they have seen on TV.
And as you search for your ball in the fraoch, keep that fraoch off your face; and though you feel like eschewing your bootlaces, be careful what kind of fraochan you are eating.
If you’re coming from Kyoto or Osaka, the train or bus connections bring you to the Fujino-miya trail, on the south face.
There always seems to be plenty of it, along with the chance to study the faces of his characters, even when there's not a great deal going on in them.
six-winged: two to fly with,in back; two at the face to withstandthe impossible winds thatare God;
And if you do have to show Starr, just show the back of his ear, not his face.
Paltrow, as ever, is inhumanly gorgeous, like some Close Encounters of the Third Kind creature, with that elongated neck and those stringy limbs, that big face with its faintly mocking beatitude.
The piece then inadvertently throws dirt on the face of director Barry Levinson by crediting his hit "Wag the Dog" to James L. Brooks.
Lovesick Teen: A "photo analysis" page (part of a site called Cary's Crap) examines shots from the CNN tape of Lewinsky and Clinton's postelection hug, noting the "ecstasy look on Monica's face" as she and the president embrace--"Here Monica is obviously giving the President the 'Fuck Me' stare.
My mountain belly and my rocky face,
This deliciously backhanded phrase--an allusion to Czechoslovakia's "socialism with a human face," which was crushed by Soviet tanks in 1968--conveyed three corrosive messages: that conservatism lacked compassion to begin with, that conservatives couldn't tolerate compassion, and that for this reason, conservatism, like socialism, was doomed.
Look at your face! was another classic retort that greeted you even when there wasn't a mirror to hand, along with: Can't you see how dirty the back of your neck is? or What's that on your back?
It is said that women who wash their face in the basin will look ten years younger.
4) "I was never informed that my face on the air gave me responsibility for a major story."
Traces remain of older parts of the temple carved out of the cliff face, a natural aggregate of volcanic debris which quickly wears away — the pebbly beach here is the result.
There's much to be said for the tone of comic-book violence: "He buried his triangular face like the blade of a hatchet in her neck."
Repeating visuals flow fast and furious--a shot of an empty classroom; of someone donning graduation robes; of the empty classroom; of the faces in the library; of the robes.
Pollock, by comparison, is a splash of cold water on the face.
, face, construct and criterion), although important, provide information which does not directly answer the question, "Does the procedure (i.e.
That exciting aperçu occurred to me in the course of reading The Face and The Hand , two books that otherwise brought me unremitting boredom.
The rock face on the left of the path is carved in a series of scenes about 25 m (82 ft) long.
Therefore, a simple model that accounts for the footprint data is the assembly of multiple NarL-phosphate molecules onto one face of the DNA that somehow protect the minor groove from hydroxyl radical attack [ 28 29 30 ] . In an alternative model, NarL binds only at the three proposed NarL heptamer consensus sites spaced at 20 bp intervals within the dmsA regulatory region (Figure 4).
That Chapman considers search-and-rescue services and accident investigation a "subsidy" for general aviation is absurd on the face of it.
Structural analysis shows that the side chain of Val29 approaches the faces of both A-4 and A-10 in their respective binding pockets.
Two suggestive findings are that sleeping on soft bedding and sleeping face down both increase a baby's risk of sudden death.
While ludicrous on the face of it, there have been less likely government heroes.
They're on your screen and in your face, these icons, chattering relentlessly about success, shoes, hot dogs, shoes, pop, phones, shoes, shoes ...
The city almost bursts at the seams as up to 500,000 visitors arrive, vying for street space with performers, clowns, face painters, and numerous small craft markets.
A doctor said photographers had been snapping pictures "a few centimeters from her face."
The methyl groups of the Thr59's approach the faces of both A-4 and A-10, and this may help provide a hydrophobic environment for the bases.
The top and bottom faces of the subunit, which we call longitudinal, contact subunits above and below it in the protofilament; the right and left faces, which we call lateral, contact subunits in adjacent protofilaments; and the front and back faces correspond to the outside and inside of the microtubule.
A beautiful and easy hike goes out to Mirror Meadow, tucked in underneath the vertical northwest face of Half Dome.
These were a development from the fayum paintings that covered the face of the dead in the sarcophagi of Egyptian mummies.
My memory is a powerful machine that stores and constantly discharges lost years and faces.
"Your freedom to use your fist stops at the edge of my face" is a recognition of the universal duties of forbearance that lie at the heart of the libertarian code.
Elevating such people to "gifted" status puts a nice face on their hypocrisy and does very little to improve America's expectations of its politics or government.
will squinny his eyes, raise his chin, lift an eyebrow, and curl his lip slightly--his face seems to be involved in a somewhat painful, quasi-involuntary struggle to prevent itself from erupting into a broad, self-satisfied smile.
Today's Papers has taken a liking to "PHL Gem Dandy," the Chilean female with the cute inky-black face, described as "suitable for use as a companion" and "very docile/willing."
Using the program Modeller [ 26 ] , a homology model of the catalytic domain of Ppt1p was built based on three PP1 structures - PDB http://www.pdb.org [ 27 ] codes 1FJM [ 28 ] , 1IT6 [ 29 ] and 1JK7 [ 30 ] . This model shows that the catalytic face of Ppt1p is generally less acidic than that of PP1c γ and does not indicate the presence of other acidic residues that could act in the same fashion as those on PP1c γ.
Book -- Man Without a Face: The Autobiography of Communism's Greatest Spymaster , by Markus Wolf with Anne McElvoy;
Learning how to make contact with the pad (and not, say, the face of the person holding it) was important.
In the example shown, a sansserif face, the x-height of the characters is quite large; in different faces, the x-height to cap-height ratio varies, as does the small-cap height.
… Right now, a supporter of yours is running attack ads morphing Bill Clinton's face into mine.
This curious aspect is further explained in these terms: “lest Speaker lose face by offending Hearer's sensibilities” [p.
(How serious people's faces have become.)
It has been reported that some golgins are localized to the cytoplasmic face of Golgi membranes [ 16 ] . Functions of the golgins have been proposed in vesicular transport and in maintaining structural integrity of the Golgi complex [ 17 18 19 ] . The potential implication is that these Golgi proteins may have common biochemical characteristics that may make them targets of autoimmune responses in certain disease states.
D23 and E32 contribute to the negative face identified by Zhang et al .
Dickey marched over to the dugout and punched the offender in the face, earning a month's suspension and a thousand-buck fine.
Wednesday, Democratic senators called it an unconstitutional Republican scheme to "save face," "embarrass the president," and appease "an element of their constituency that wants conviction."
Acheson's face brightened.
When they watched these films alone, the Japanese and the Americans had similar, distressed expressions on their faces.
Most of the benign mutations are located on the front or back of the FtsZ subunit, i.e., the faces corresponding to the outside or inside of the microtubule (Fig.
And she, her back to him, seems only what she shows as she bends over, reaching between her splayed legsto pick it up, her face a moment upside down beneath her crotch, her pink tongue flickering levelwith the face she watches watching her, the face void
Now, the white lines' dot and dash makes my hand less steady on the wheel, the stoplight glimmers a shade too red-- the faith I've never felt in the day to day haunts me like some imp-winged demon in a Bosch painting, its infantile, red-bawling face staring accusingly into my eyes as if it dared to fly beyond the gilt frame, hectoring, hovering, sluggish wings buzzing like the winter-hatched fly stumbling spastic against the dashboard dials, its frail internal compass somehow gone haywire overridden by spurts and shocks.
Nearly everyone agrees today that the Vietnam War was unwinnable and was needlessly prolonged so America could save face.
Second, cellulites seem to be waving some part of their good fortune in my face.
Some binding loops (A, B and C) are present on the - face while the remaining loops (D and E) are present on the + face.
"But what did stay in sharp focus were the faces and voices of the people who came to the door or stopped me on the street to tell me they had known my father.
pistols leather riding gloves sold in the prison commissary, sometime worn during prison fist fights in order to scar an opponent's face.
When the camera lingers on Mrs. Dalloway's daughter, Elizabeth (Katie Carr), as she sits on the top of a double-decker bus, the girl's face is blank and the moment empty of meaning.
Yeah, but Bill Moyers never did a show where he had some of his butt cells transplanted into his face.
Nike CEO Phil Knight likes to pose as capitalism with a human face, a man devoted to social justice.
Mount Batur went into an active phase in August 1994, blowing huge puffs of smoke and rocky debris from a new vent on its northwest face.
Now, a royal example of how to decline a gift: The WP Style "Names and Faces" column reports that Auckland University's Injury Prevention Centre donated a pair of panties to Queen Elizabeth.
Two men stand face to face with their arms wrapped around each other’s body, hands clasped tightly together behind the other’s back.
Then one morning a couple of years ago, there was a blast from a shotgun very near the house, and Eddy came running home with blood pouring from his face and side.
As Krishna, he is usually depicted with a blue face, an after-effect of swallowing a poison that threatened the world, and is often represented playing a flute or sporting with the milkmaids he seduced.
Saga , Boutros-Ghali asserts that the wily secretary of state sought to unseat him "with determination, letting pass no opportunity to demolish my authority and tarnish my image all the while showing a serene face, wearing a friendly smile and repeating expressions of friendships and admiration through the poutiest ruby lips I have ever beheld.
Those dreading a standard-issue, musty Miss Havisham will be delighted by this flamboyantly posturing, pantsuit-clad crone with her face cream and "chica-boom" slang.
Now, I'm a dyed-in-the-wool, freedom o'speech kind of guy, and it takes more than visceral disagreement to make me want a particular point of view erased from the face of the earth, or at least legally required to keep away from me.
Representatives of the Justice Department, the FAA, local police departments, and major airports had microphones in their faces whenever they showed themselves.
William Hague, the Tory leader, has egg all over his face.
He could not shake the dread feeling that he and all the others who had been involved in those projects were sitting on a bomb that, sooner or later, would explode in their faces.
Tip: Don't call him "The Torch" to his face.
She trembled as he caressed her, and she moved with new, intense passion as she saw him arouse himself, his face distorted in a mask of sheer lust.
Meanwhile, the pundits scoff at the trial balloon reported on the CBS Evening News Friday night and semisourced to the White House: Clinton and Lewinsky only played kissy face.
And there's plenty of fuzzy stuff--a shot of a child playing with fluffy white pigeons; of a fiercely bespectacled towhead whooshing down a slide; of a happy, freckles-and-ice-cream-spattered face.
Seagal pounds his pretty face into a mushy pulp--just for fun.
The face is left to do its work alone.
There is almost never a single subject in the frame, and as soon as the eye picks out a face or an object as the thematic center of the composition, another face, or another object, suddenly displaces it, and the center moves off someplace else.
And there were the much more profound moments that come from finally committing to a person for the rest of your life--looking into each other's eyes as you are promising to love and cherish one another, the joy radiating from the sea of faces of loved ones who had traveled from near and far to share in the event, the rush of happiness as their glasses clinked in a unified toast to our shared lives that lay ahead with so much possibility.
Nothing but grinning faces.
This is low-tech inventiveness at its best" (Desson Howe, the Washington Post ). BWP is "the new face of movie horror" (Peter Travers, Rolling Stone ), and it ends with "as heart-stopping a climax as any the genre has seen in years" (Jay Carr, the Boston Globe ). The Los Angeles Times ' Kevin Thomas demurs, knocking it as "a clever, entertaining stunt, no more, no less," but Joe Morgenstern (the Wall Street Journal ) advises, "Don't see this ingenious first feature if you believe in ghosts."
But most special, however, was this passage: "A pie in the face, it's Soupy Sales stuff," said Andrew Smith, who teaches culinary history at the New School for Social Research."
In one group on Hudson Bay, males became mumiqatigiik or dancing partners, a friendship solemnized ritualistically when two buddies hit each other very hard on the face and shoulders, exchanged gifts, and danced together until exhausted.
But behind the pretty face lurks, well, a bore.
Uncanny ability to keep a straight face while saying "Mr.
There is much maundering in The Face about the face of the Mona Lisa , the face of Jesus, the face of God.
This rubber products company employs as many as 1100 people over three shifts and makes over 3000 rubber specialty products including windshield wipers, copier toner blades, golf grips and respirator face pieces.
Many Papua New Guineans can look at the face of another Papua New Guinean--on the street or in a picture book--and tell you which part of the country that person is from.
Readers of Plato's Symposium , for example, may recall Aristophanes' absurd myth of creation: men and women were originally egglike creatures with eight limbs, and one head but two faces.
It's certainly more entertaining than anything in Primary Colors . In the film's first scene, Nichols holds for a long time on a black man telling the sad story of his illiteracy--the director rubbing your face in the man's nobility.
Somehow this girl's massive bangle made her genial face seem masked, slightly--but distinctly--dehumanized.
On the face of it, this seems at odds with our and other groups' data demonstrating considerable variation in gene expression - our r -values being in the 0.65-0.
"If I am running a show to get Clinton off, I want the grand jury totally focused on this man's face, his honesty, his sadness of having to do this.
Blumenthal's face has been everywhere in the last week, and he is clearly enjoying his moment in the limelight, building valuable name recognition for the day when he decides whether to run for governor or senator.
In Japan, the daily Mainichi Shimbun condemned India in an editorial Thursday for "foolish actions, which go against the universal desire to wipe such weapons of mass destruction from the face of the Earth."
In short, he is more comfortable in a room of black faces than any American president before him.
There are also hair and eyebrow charts and a sketch of a face upon which you draw birthmarks, moles, and freckles.
Mount Sinai has drawn pilgrims for generations and it was endowed with a Christian place of worship as early as a.d. 527, when Emperor Justinian built a small orthodox monastery in the lea of the mountain surrounded by sheer rock faces.
158 is filled with a statue of the reclining Buddha, the face unusually peaceful and godly when seen from the far left.
Her profile is high enough that the publisher felt justified in putting her face on the cover of her new book, which is titled Release 2.0 . (Dyson says that the paperback edition, when it comes out, will be called Release 2.1 . Cute.)
It's not too surprising that they would each assume prominent roles as public faces of the insurgent class.
The show is positively lousy with long, lingering, dreamy shots of Kanakaredes' face.
Right away, you saw the notorious smirk cross Bush's face.
They only have to remember to let enough of their face show and not to let the hat flatten them on top, so that their full-sized, shapely head and speaking eyes will support the hat's dashing impact, and the hat itself won't appear to jam a lid on the body's expressive means.
But next, we see the reason: Gramps is wearing mom's "face" as a mask, a disguise that deceives even the dog, who does a double take and scampers away when shushed.
To the book's initial audience of Ivy Leaguers, this idea seemed valid on its face.
Far from being the perfect furnace of heaven, it has a face covered with celestial zits.
Do you remember how wonderful and how proud you felt in 1980 when the young United States Hockey Team beat the powerful Soviet Team 4-3, and then went on to beat Finland 4-2 for the gold; the sight of Jim Craig skating around the arena with the American Flag draped across his back, tears of joy streaming down his face, looking for his father in the crowd; or in 1984 when 16 year old Mary Lou Retton, needing a 9.95 in her final event to tie for first place in the all around Gymnastics competition, vaulted her way to the gold by scoring a perfect 10?
Barcelona used the 1888 Universal Exposition as an open house to show the world its new face.
On the face of it, one might dismiss this question as just so much rubbish and wonder how people of the intelligence of M&S could possibly have come to frame it.
So did his doughy face, blond feathered hair, and beaky nose.
The WP's "Names and Faces" column reports that Monica Lewinsky would like to launch her own lipstick line and recently tested the staying power of various lipsticks.
On Tuesday, the daily Yediot Aharanot quoted Barak saying in a private meeting that the events in Iran could change the face of the Middle East in a "revolutionary" manner and might already have an impact on his government's peace negotiations with Syria.
An "insider" told the Enquirer that Hillary also "stormed into her closet, grabbed a dress, threw it in Bill's face and screamed, 'Is this like the dress you gave her--the one she says she's kept as a souvenir of the affair?
I was quickly panting and my face turned a deep fuchsia.
She might even want to be loved for falling on her face.
Women eagerly embraced the idea that changing their faces would change their social status.
The actor is still sleek, but the touch of crepe paper around his face has eliminated the plastic, department-store-mannequin look that Remington Steele exploited so shrewdly.
What the psychologists found was that participants told to do nothing more than put on a happy face developed a significantly more positive mood than those told to adopt a neutral expression.
She appears to be a beautiful, young voluptuous woman, wearing a long flowing white dress, with her face covered or averted.
The father's response ("Yeah, fine," when he's clearly not) and the next two scenes (a flurry of action, then a shot of him flat on his face) suddenly clarify the spot's real target.
Blithe investors toss millions at the Web out of the conviction that it will subsume the other media, change the face of capitalism, and generate billion-dollar payouts.
The Evening Standard said in an editorial that "having an image like this pushed in one's face makes it a bit harder to keep the stardust sparkling in the prospect of a live televised fairy-tale wedding at Windsor next month."
Recently Bill Gates received a pie in the face from what I assume were self-proclaimed enemies.
That the emotional climax of Kubrick's last movie is Tom Cruise screwing up his face and feigning a tragic awareness while a piano goes plink ...
the blood drains from their faces."
As a young woman with serious curves on a trim frame, I, myself, have had to deal with the issue of my gazongas and my pretty face in a professional manner.
Under the headline "The Return of Super Bill," commentator Gabriele Romagnoli wrote, "Caesar climbed the steps of the Capitol, entered the hall of his judges, looked everyone in the face (including a few Brutuses), and then, great showman that he is, smiled; and in a 77 minute one man show he conquered the theatre (98 ovations) and the public (6 percent rise in his popularity)."
But Pearce makes Exley a stuck-up, repressed little prig who issues orders wearing an all-purpose smirk on his rigidly chiseled face.
The LAT says that "Schroeder's policies differ little from those of Kohl--and his election expressed a hunger for a new face more than a new direction."
These are a system of tunnels blasted through the inside of the rock face during the Great Siege of the late 18th century.
Stalin's face juxtaposed with Lenin's bier in a 1939 photomontage can be imagined as mourning only by an effort of will; he is sidelit, vampiric, sinister--but then Stalin rarely fails to look sinister in photographs, and this is not merely a matter of the viewer's preconceptions.
A foreign ministry official attempted to save face by claiming, "There is no reason to feel belittled because I don't think, for example, France has played a major role, either."
Both loops have been identified on the complementary face of the binding site of the nAChR.
But now the head of Fannie Mae is the most prominent public face of Brookings.
The movie's lone masterful sequence is the one that features a batch of blank, leggy dolls, along with people whose faces are hidden behind expressive masks.
If there was a bit of Fuller in Leonardo, there was also a bit of Liberace in this theatrical, high-living dandy who favored brocade doublets and bad boys with pretty faces.
By the expression on his face I knew for sure I had blundered the syntax this time.
Canal tours reveal a less grand but more intimate face of Paris on the way from the center to Parc de la Villette (see page 72) in the northeastern outskirts.
These residues line the perimeter of the K46 face.
The twin fire-doors wheezed shut behind two girls.His face deepened to a face I've cometo think of, on other faces, as ancient, accepting.
Apparently, Mr. Wheeler was under the impression that rubbing one's face with lemon juice rendered it invisible to videotape cameras.
It generally appears alone, but sometimes it is associated with headache; flushing; erythematous rash over the face, neck and upper torso (the so-called 'red man' syndrome); hypotension; and broncospasm [ 4, 13, 14, 15].
Where is the face sleekened by cheek bones transplanted from a high-school cheerleader kidnapped off the streets of Wichita, Kan.?
Tasmanian English, then, presents an interesting face to the outside world, partly the face of a genuine regional dialect nurtured by the stability and comparative isolation of its population, and partly a construct of the tourist industry, which harnesses both the new and the old to create a viable contemporary image.
Robert Duvall, uniquely, has a face that manages to be both granitelike and plastic.
In South Texas she is called La Vieja Blanca, the old lady in white, and she acts as a siren, enticing men, but when they get a look at her face, they see her hideous white skull instead.
She now makes a fetish of falling on her face.
There is almost never a single subject in the frame, and as soon as the eye picks out a face or an object as the thematic center of the composition, another face, or another object, suddenly displaces it, and the center moves off someplace else.
Getting your face mashed into someone's armpit was de rigueur .
About this time, too, wet rice cultivation was introduced to Bali, changing the face of the countryside to its present appearance of rice paddy fields and terraces.
But immediately upon arriving to do so, he was set upon by a crowd in front of his store and hit in the face.
Male readers will know what cat's hair is (or was--older men remembering it from long ago) down on the face of youths before the beard grows.
At the annual celebration of the Moors and Christians fiesta, for example, you’ll be astonished by the colourful costumes and lively faces.
The twin fire-doors wheezed shut behind two girls.His face deepened to a face I've cometo think of, on other faces, as ancient, accepting.
so like my father's face quizzical, half-angry, pinched by death; and then, at the end, grown grave, calm ...
On CNN, Mike McCurry predicted that "right-wing Republicans" in Congress wouldn't take kindly to George W. Bush's "conservatism with a compassionate face."
Bleached so blond that he looks like an irradiated android, Pitt expels all expression from his face and all tone from his voice.
He is also good with faces, particularly male faces.
And then, on the next page, the napalm victim's face stops us dead.
This excuse usually appears in the form of a corporate press release, because nobody can keep a straight face when it's spoken out loud.
As such, he was hardly Dawn's type--can you imagine her mouthing Marxian jargon with any sort of straight face?
Gates is just "putting a new face on the company"-a "kinder, gentler look"-to cleanse Microsoft's corporate image and soften up the DOJ.
There was now a risk, Riotta added, that the Europeans would see only this "sad face" and forget the millions of "respectable Americans" more interested in debating issues than in oral sex.
The Face made me cringe a lot.
In this realm are several undisputed classics: cutting off your nose despite your face is quite popular, as is the gloomy reflection It's a doggy-dog world.
Yet when Bashmet comes out onto the stage, wiping his Prince Valiant locks off his face and holding his non-god by its helpless neck, like a dead rabbit, you feel, even before he starts to play, a vibration in the air, ever so slightly, as if gusting from the air conditioner.
If children see what heroin use is really like--not the somewhat benign face Stevenson puts on it--they won't use this deadly drug.
It is, convincingly, a face from hell.
Like The New Yorker . Or Cher's original face.
As they dug through the remains, the tombs of several kings were discovered; each skeleton lay where it had been carefully buried, the faces covered in a mask of pure gold.
One may call it masochism, or self-denigration, or self-hatred, but it's a good thing all the same that she dares, at last, to look herself in the face.
She's "not just another pretty face"--and she could make the Holy Trinity a Holy Quartet.
Early on, he lets his face and posture go slack and his eyes blurry.
Sections (6 μm) were cut from both faces of bisected tissues and stained with hematoxylin and eosin.
"There's no way to put a smiley face on it."
Unfortunately, he didn’t leave us his name, so his face is hidden deep inside the cowl of his monk’s-style robe; he is referred to, simply, as Anonymous.
Since the mid-1940s, when he went to Paris to capture the revitalization of French couture--a moment captured in Stanley Donen's 1957 film Funny Face , for which Avedon served as visual consultant, and in which Fred Astaire plays a fey, charming photographer named Dick Avery--Avedon has produced a staggering corpus of fashion and commercial photography.
Later Thoenes was found lying face down behind a gutted Becora house, "his notebook lying just in front, his body battered and apparently mutilated."
One is quoted as calling it "a slap in the face of the House."
These cells included those within the olfactory epithelium and throughout the mesenchyme as well as axonal tracts within the developing face, including the olfactory nerve (figure 3, panel A).
Outside town, on the main Valencia highway, the Monasterio de Santa Verónica (Saint Veronica’s Monastery) attracts about 15,000 pilgrims and a good many hawkers during the annual May celebration of the Santa Faz (Holy Face).
There, instead of the dozens of straightforward shots of Robert Bennett no doubt available, the paper opts for a shot of him with a crazed smile and hands not quite in front his face, making him look like a spastic Mafia don.
Moonwalk, air slide, clowns on stilts, and face painting.
At first, she feels like "female goods in a dick-driven market," but a few weeks later finds her smoother, younger face a source of pleasure and confidence.
Kate is a character whose face you should want to scrutinize for hints of a larger awareness, but I found it hard to look at Streep, who's always busy radiating virtue.
I do know that a couple of mornings with the Mach 3 has just about wiped the smirk off my face.
The Wall Street Journal points out that Clinton was similarly forthright regarding China's trade policies, noting that he said right to Jiang's face, "Just as China can compete freely and fairly in America, so our goods and services should be able to compete freely and fairly in China."
I liked her as a person and admired her gutsiness--her willingness to work without a net, to throw herself headlong into a part even if it meant falling a great distance onto her face.
Conversely, who remembers the bass clef lines and spaces (with, respectively, the insipid “ G reat B ig D ogs F ight A nimals” and “ A ll C ars E at G as” )? The treble clef lines are only a bit more memorable (“ E very G ood B oy D oes F ine” or “ E very G rizzly B ear D igs F igs” ); its spaces' notes, at least, crisply spell face . Who knows how many musical aspirations have been dashed against the bass clef, for want of adequate mnemonics?
She had mild contractures of elbows and knees, a long face with deep-set eyes, bilateral iridodonesis and high-grade myopia.
Book -- Man Without a Face: The Autobiography of Communism's Greatest Spymaster , by Markus Wolf with Anne McElvoy;
Among other things, GAO serves as the independent auditor of the largest, most diverse and most important entity on the face of the earth - the U.S.
When they're running with the wind in their faces and the sun on their backs.
But there is no anticipation of sanctuary to be found in their faces.
If you decide to continue, as I hope you will, you will be joining over 500,000 of the most concerned, interesting, and informed people on the face of this struggling Earth.
Other new techniques include the use of computer animation to construct images of faces, based on surviving jawbones and teeth, as well as information gleaned from DNA about hair color.
A "non-neutralizing" face has been identified where binding Abs generally do not neutralize HIV when gp120 is oligomerized [ 45, 47]; these data were interpreted as indicating that the non-neutralizing face is occluded in the trimer and that binding Abs are raised against shed gp120 monomers.
First, using inside-out recording configuration, spontaneous single channel activities were more prominent when there was no ATP in bath solution (intracellular face), and recorded currents were very sensitive to bath-applied tolbutamide (0.
And Avedon's book exposes a number of scars, both physical and spiritual: the disfigured face of a napalmed Vietnamese woman, the sores on a leper's fingerless hand, the bent, swollen nose of a tired, defeated-looking Abbie Hoffman.
5%) and face (1.
There are only a lot of faces, all inscrutable, but differently inscrutable.
He turned his face to the wall, telling me I was a cold fish--because I would not sex around with him.
A POW expert told NBC that those who were spreading the rumors had "spit in the face of every Vietnam veteran."
"I came to carry out the struggle, not to kill people," he says, a look of melancholy shadowing his face.
And Duvall's Sonny is both in our face and yet tantalizingly out of reach, infantile and of amazing stature.
Art historians employ a unit of beauty, the helen , derived from words addressed to Helen of Troy in the Marlowe play Dr. Faustus : "Is this the face that launched a thousand ships, and burned the topless towers of Ilium?"
What we get instead is a trip in the sand: Jooky in hand, a volleyball player falls flat on his face.
The LAT runs its front-page Cunanan story under a big FBI "Wanted" flier with a slash marked "Found Dead" running across the suspected murderer's face.
Above all: She's big in the face.
Her face beamed with adoration as she explored his body, her tongue licking him slowly as she moved ever closer to his sword of love (Lewinsky, Pages 12-24; see also Linda Tripp tape transcripts, Pages 11-34).
His face scanned the bland emptiness of the full sky.
There's desperation on his face.
The movie uses her open Asian face to make the French faces seem neurotic and devious: Hers is like a clear pool next to their rather pinched visages.
But whatever the outcome, the spot artfully--and literally--puts the best face on a tough sale.
Since Hirshberg's shop produced many of those loser designs, it's odd that he even kept his job, much less wound up as Nissan's public face.
With the green glens of Antrim just a short hop across the water, this might not, on the face of it, seem so surprising.
From Kawaguchi, you take a local bus to Go-gome (“Fifth Station”) on the north face, to start the five-hour hike to the summit.
He'd pull a yellow clipping from his wallet,and while you read it he stared in your face.The other students scanned the clipping, nodded,smiled as best they could, and gave it backto the pudgy, sweaty boy, who grinned at themexpectantly.
(1961), currently placed as a sort of triumphal entryway to the southeast corner of Central Park, demonstrates the unsettling possibilities of tetrahedral shapes, where the triangular faces have a dynamic lightness lacking in rectangularly based structures.
So was I,squinting into the warm darkness in which they stirredas if to the bottom of a moonlit pool,as if what should surface nonetheless was a gun in my face.They got back with a can of gas so fastthe whole event took about the time of a Howard Johnson hamburger,and probably less time than a Howard Johnson hamburger off a lifein which it's almost impossiblenot to feel blessed.
A patient narrates her face lift.
It is unknown if lerisetron utilizes amino acids on the principal face although none have been identified.
"Corpus Christi has all the power of a slap across the face with a limp lettuce leaf" (Jennifer Harper, the Washington Times ). Contrary to expectations, the play is neither lascivious nor particularly blasphemous.
While the host tribe’s houses were emptied of everything except bare essentials, the guests would depart knowing that in a year or two they would have to reciprocate if they were not to lose face.
Among the dozens of appropriated motifs that swim in and out of the later work of Jasper Johns, whose career is the subject of a curatorially brilliant retrospective at the Museum of Modern Art, is the face of the Mona Lisa . The reference is not to Leonardo.
They know so many white people that they classify them by other traits--such as shape of the face, hair color, body shape.
Arrested between thought and action, Gandolfini still bears traces of childlike befuddlement in his doughy face; he can't begin to figure out why the foundations of his world have become so illusory.
Bartiromo, in short, has been anointed the new face of the new boom in business news.
Of course, a layer of burnt cork smeared over the face does not a new identity make.
Subunits are composed of 2 faces (+ and -) with the + face of one subunit forming one side of the binding site and the - face of another subunit forming the complimentary side.
The sensual essence of the movies used to be the human face; now it's just light and sound.
"Something about your face makes me want to tell the truth."
Many of the other articles (such as a Versace dress that uses Warhol's Marilyn Monroe face) never even belonged to the artist and serve only to make tendentious points about art and fashion.
Now, 12 years later, the aviation pioneer is picking cactus spines out of his face, the latest casualty of the world's most pointless competition.
JEvTrace parent trace analysis, which relies on tracing the conservation of the progenitor sequences of a single selected node (Figure 3a), identified a number of neutral polar and hydrophobic amino acids conserved in the YbaK subclade on the conserved lysine face of YbaK (Figure 3a, top).
The Wu-Tang Clan has entered the "stagnant hip-hop scene like a slap in the face, parading its strikingly original gutter funk like a ghetto peacock" (Matt Diehl, Entertainment Weekly ). Critics admire the group's eclectic influences--including funk, flamenco, and psychedelic--and its lyrics, "as dense, obsessed, prolific and full of popular and arcane references as a Pynchon novel" (Neil Strauss, the New York Times ). (Clips are available here.)
A yawning gap in the lineup of military officers; a face that failed to match the body attached to it; a face whose shading did not match that of the faces on either side; an elbow marooned in space, bereft of other body parts--such things could just pass for evidence of ineptitude.
More importantly, her assertion that the audience is unclear about Cagney's true state of mind at the end of Angels With Dirty Faces is just plain wrong.
The WP calls Bush's proposals the first real glimpse of the face of "compassionate conservatism" and an unmistakable rejection of Republican "free-market libertarian orthodoxy."
But on this third day of latkes, many of us awoke to find that our faces haven't been this splotchy since our bar mitzvahs.
The dialogue moves ahead--there are great gobs of exposition--but the images continually double back: to Stamp and Lesley Ann Warren, as his daughter's acting teacher, simply gazing at each other; or to Stamp sitting on a plane, remembering his daughter as a girl on the beach, the lens of his home movie camera creating an eerily bright--almost supernatural--spot that dances over her face.
Re the extraordinary and articulate article "Give It Back to the Injuns": If only we Oklahomans were less genially mediocre, we'd probably be more appreciative of your ability to slap the faces of so many different groups of Oklahomans all at the same time and in such a charming way.
It merely allows a woman to go to the doctor without someone screaming in her face.
Artaud was clearly an excellent draftsman but, as he notes, "you must look at [the drawings] and see what's inside ." He also writes that "the human face is an empty force, a field of death," and that the alignment of form and content has never been farther off than in the contrast between facial features and what lies beneath them.
To describe the Homer of the movie (Jake Gyllenhaal) as a lad with coal dust on his face and stars in his eyes would be both softheaded and imprecise.
The company at first tried to claim that this was because the Tibetan leader's face is not well-known in the region--until confronted with the information that polls show 80 percent of Hong Kong residents are familiar with him.
An astute politician, Yeltsin recognizes the sad face of America and seizes the opportunity to appear as a wise elder statesman."
His good face seemed to pop out of the tight-necked green smock.
Nothing but paying ever ploughs such lines in a man's face, ever set his lips as such a melancholy angle."
What renders a face truly soul-bewitching?
A patient narrates her face lift.
The stars, having allowed themselves to be interviewed on the way in and broadcast on giant screens to the crowds in the streets below, floated past in their bubbles of protective personnel so quickly that Culturebox never saw their faces.
An 11 mm tube was installed in the face of each cubicle.
