Reality hit when he was unable to reconcile with his wife and ended up on the street.
The President wanted the United States to strike the Taliban, step back, wait to see if they got the message, and hit them hard if they did not.
The secretary said his instinct was to hit Saddam Hussein at the same time-not only Bin Ladin.
In Phase Two, air strikes and Special Operations attacks would hit key al Qaeda and Taliban targets.
It hits me as I fumble the keys for the door.
Seth rushed over, but as he leaned over her, something hit him in the back of the head.
for them while hitting three home runs, including one Tuesday night, and driving in four runs.
hit 18 home runs and drove in 57 runs.
In this case, the something in question was watching the wonderfully named Angel Pagan hit an inside-the-park home run and initiate a triple play in the same game.
on 9 June 1985 , I watched Terry Pendleton hit an inside-the-park grand slam off Joe Sambito in a game the Cardinals would go on to win handily.
When you hit the trail, AMC Maine Mountain Guide and AMC Guide to Mount Desert Island and Included in your gift set: AMC Maine Mountain Guide, 7th edition AMC Guide to Mount Desert Island and Acadia National Park Quiet Water Canoe Guide: Maine (Retail value: $43.85)Holiday Price $29.95
An hour or two before bedtime, this signal subsides, and s/he realizes it's time to hit the pillow.
I hit him with the back of my hand.
But once we entered Detroit, the truth hit fast: this is a modern American ghost town.
Maybe we had all tired of the frivolity of our life, hitting some threshold or some breaking point.
Did you earn them through fantastic customer service, fulfilling the brand promise, providing value to the community in an authentic and passionate voice, or did you run a Facebook ad campaign and hit the broadcast airwaves with a promotion?
At approximately the same time, however, the barrel of bricks hit the ground and the bottom fell out of the barrel.
The Aggi replied, "Me be very, very quiet, me follow tracts, me shot, me get hit by train...
He missed the snake and hit the leg of the end table that was on one side of the sofa.
The next thing she knew, she was hit in the eye and knocked out cold.
Did you get hit by the same person?
Law of Probability Dispersal: Whatever it is that hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.
While waiting for it to hit bottom, a goat suddenly darted between them and leapt into the hole!
Whatever hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.
With every shovelful of dirt that hit his back, the donkey was doing something amazing.
So, whether you're a cougar or an antelope, when the sun comes up, you'd better hit the ground running.
Sometimes we'd get word that people were gathering under one of the bridges, and we'd rush down to hit it before the cops broke it up.
A cold front must have hit while I was inside.
I noticed when my back hit the wall that I was walking backwards.
The blood flashed into flames as soon as it hit the ground, and I jumped back.
We hit a bar on the next street over.
“Okay,” he said as we hit the street, “we’re going to see another friend of mine.
A heavy thing hit my arm with a thump and knocked me back against someone with rough paws who held me up.
In Ochoa, 30, the Angels get an experienced major-league outfielder who is hitting .256 with six homers and 21 RBI this season.
His best season came in 2000 with the Reds, when he hit .316 with 13 homers and 56 RBI.
Jose went into Wednesday's game hitting .304 and had thrown out 33 percent (two of six) of baserunners trying to steal.
--Not expected: Fabregas, who hit .193 with no homers and eight RBI in 35 games with the Angels this season, said he was "surprised and shocked" to get traded from a pennant contender to a team 22 games out in the NL Central.
A minute later, the shock wave hit.
This prosperity continued until the late 1920s, when the Great Depression hit the area hard.
Youngstown was perhaps hit harder than any other town by the collapse of the steel industry, but it was not alone.
United Steel Workers of America was the union representing the Youngstown steel workers when the closings hit.
QUARTERMASTER: Must've hit a reef.
Unless you plan on using him to hit something with.
We must've hit the reef!
Everyone should hit up 5 Elements of Hip Hop tonight at George Mason Univ.
Currently a $300 million-a-year business, 900 telephone service is expected to hit $500 million next year and near $2 billion by 1992 as uses for the service continue to expand, says Joel Gross of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Inc.
In addition, operating results were hit by an increase in loan and real estate loss reserves.
The Avon, Conn., company's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer, but the product was plagued with glitches and the company's fortunes plunged.
But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls, whose sales hit $600 million in 1985.
The New York Times played up remarks from televangelist Pat Robertson, who said Clinton "hit a home run" and "won" the PR contest and that the Senate "might as well dismiss this impeachment hearing and get on with something else, because it's over as far as I'm concerned."
All the shots missed their target, but one hit a nearby tourist in the leg.
Bloosh , spotted in both X-Men and Superman , is the sound a body makes when hitting the water and sinking.
But one of the odd things about this most recent sell-off is that, with the exception of banks (which are always hit hard by interest-rate worries), the hardest-hit companies were those companies whose profit prospects will be the least hurt by a fed-funds hike.
Third, those units that had been ordered at 8:53 to stage at the Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel-and thus very close to the WTC complex-were not dispatched after the plane hit the South Tower.
The Dow, however, is up 12 percent for the year, and when it hit 11,000, pundits everywhere proclaimed--depending upon their bullishness and bearishness--this a milestone.
Just walk up and hit it!
The bovine bounced off the truck and was hit by another pickup.
But the only way to combine piety, cowardice, cynicism, and recklessness is to hit him from both sides.
The second-hottest day in the U.S. was June 29, 1994, when it hit 128 degrees in Lake Havasu City, Ariz., and 125 degrees Fahrenheit (the third-highest temperature ever recorded in the U.S.) in Laughlin, Nev.
At that moment, no one appears to have thought a second plane could hit the South Tower.
China, meanwhile, did not produce a missile that could hit North America until 1979.
I wasn't paying much attention to the in-house music on Christmas Eve--I think it was "Little Drummer Boy" in the bookstore, "Jingle Bell Rock" in the toy store, or maybe vice versa--but, entering the flower shop, it hit me instantly: "Bernadette."
Armageddon , about an asteroid hitting the earth, still seems likely to make more money by summer's end.
With all best wishes to Sanford, it's foolhardy for him to say, "I've survived this scourge," and that because of the advent of protease inhibitors, "I am probably more likely to be hit by a truck than to die of AIDS."
The matrix is hit with a pulse from a laser beam.
How about the Globe 's report that at the bash to celebrate her Saturday Night Live appearance, Monica Lewinsky "hit the buffet table like a toothy tornado"?
Another commercial aircraft in the vicinity then radioed in with "reports over the radio of a commuter plane hitting the World Trade Center."
Citing a story in Thursday's Boston Herald , the LAT fronts and the WP goes inside with Bill Bradley's decision, with 10 days to go until the Iowa caucuses, to hit Al Gore for introducing the racially explosive Willie Horton issue against Michael Dukakis during Gore's 1988 presidential primary bid.
Later, ash faced with cancer, she's paradoxically easier to watch (she does less), and she hits some convincing notes of pain.
The man just did not want to hit the putt.
If Clinton has had affairs with dozens of women, where are all the women he hit on and didn't have affairs with?
The Japan Times reported that the Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry had called on the government for a bailout "for small- and medium-sized companies, which have been hit especially hard by the prolonged economic slump."
hit, heavily indebted financial firms and families alike were walloped. The heavy debt taken on
Fill a blender with ice, hit the pulse button and let the spray blast your face.




But bubbling below the surface was Blade and other genre flicks, then Twilight hit and now vampires are hot.
F. "Hit It Long and Strong"
Because the catcher calls the game, he must know the hitting abilities and weaknesses of every opposing batter.
But despite some inevitable streamlining, the film hits the major points--both high and low--in Kaufman's career.
Director François Girard ( Thirty-Two Short Films About Glenn Gould ) hits the musical theme again in this "odd, piquant tale" (Lisa Schwarzbaum, Entertainment Weekly ) that traces the peregrinations of a priceless 17 th -century violin.
Multivalent CSEs can be used to find genomic segment duplication because these CSEs that hit once in one genome hit multiple times in the other genome.
2) The Washington Post reported that a Republican House committee counsel hit up investment firms for $100,000 contributions to the GOP shortly after working on financial-deregulation legislation.
For example, the domain from the yeast β' subunit hit the α-subunits of bacterial DDRPs with Z-scores of 5-7 and RMSD of 2.8-3 Å. Hereinafter we refer to these domains as the α -subunit core-related (ASCR) domains.
The flu is hitting the United States.
You'll probably want to hit the sack early, b/c the nuptials themselves will take place at dawn (6:21 a.m.) Saturday morning on top of Great Big Mountain.
I sometimes wish I could forget that Pendelton is the Braves hitting coach.
Yes, it's standard stuff, and HER CROWD would have springboarded OFF of it, that's what I'm saying: As far as she's concerned, it's not a gaffe, and as far as HER SUPPORTERS in the room are concerned, it was not only NOT a gaffe, it was a Direct Hit.
My homework on the plane http://twitpic.com/3bd8v Confirmed: The Obama DHS hit job on conservatives is real - Malkin - April 14 http://ff.im/-279qc RT @infidelsarecool: National Guard on Alert for Violence from TEA Party Protesters?
Direct Hit says that while it cannot detect the identity of individual Web users, it can track their movements with unprecedented precision.
