Because writing an unfavorable review of a (bad) feminist book would be tantamount to treachery, such books are often unjustifiably praised, as was the case with this work by Rosalind Miles, which was well received on its publication in June.
Despite an extensive search of her bedroom, during which she uncovers her middle school yearbook (you laugh at her frizzy hair and braces; she snatches the book back and snaps it shut), a lacy black bra (which she quickly hides away in a drawer, cheeks furiously pink), and twenty dollars (to her delight), her diamond earring is still missing.
Hmmm, wanna bet there was a copy of the book on somebody's desk at the Times though?
Colin Spencer's "Vegetable Book" details an intriguing Indian chapati in which bitter melon, seeds left intact, is sliced, parboiled, then mixed with lightly fried garlic and Indian spices, flour and yogurt.
She says in a huff, throwing the book she had been paging through on the ground.
Perhaps the subject and treatment of usage need some lightening up, but I am hard put to agree that they are quite as frivolous and light-headed as this book would have us believe.
This book appears to have been diligently researched and has much to recommend it as an adjunct to most libraries, public and private, large and small, general and specialized.
Antie will use the chemical gradient algorithm of Braitenberg’s aggressive type 2 vehicle described in his book “Vehicles: Experiments in Synthetic Psychology,” as this was found through a series of experiments by Russell, et al (2003) to be very efficient when compared to several biomimetic models.
All of which is to say that the book is an interesting work on the language and contains accurate, though longwinded information about what it covers, “interesting and useful facts about American English.”
Constantinople was taken by Crusader forces in 1204, and they stripped the city of manyof its finest treasures — which now grace the public buildings of Venice — although a large consignment of books and manuscripts was transferred to the monastery at Patmos before the city fell.
I can't help but wonder if Ms. Seltzer's book with all it's far-fetched, tales-from-the-urban-jungle flair, would have passed the smell test were it read by a more diverse panel of editors.
All in all, for a relatively primitive system, it is not too bad; but you would have to be in love with your computer to use it in preference to a far more complete books of synonyms available (especially The Synonym Finder , Rodale in the U.S. and Canada, Longman elsewhere, which offers more than 800,000 synonyms, more than three times the number listed in any other synonym book).
In Britain, as elsewhere, most books by feminist writers are reviewed by women, usually feminists.
To purchase this book please go to: http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?
One book was the Bible; the other was a book written by Darwin.
My new official favorite quote: "The book of life is brief and once a page is read all but love is dead.
Who can, for instance, blame a youth with but a mildly evil disposition from guffawing when he reads in Pater's Marius The Epicurean (Chapter V) a reference to Apuleius' The Golden Ass noting that “all through the book, there is an unmistakably real feeling for asses ...”?
—The Little, Brown Book of Anecdotes
Please read the following press release and let me know if you are interested in receiving a copy of their book for consideration of an engaging interview, or to provide a review.
In preparation, I read In Love and War, the book he and his wife wrote to chronicle their experiences those 8 years.
Tibbets was a decorated, top-gun pilot, but Karnes could wrangle the military rule book as well as Tibbets could fly.
[A VERBATIM Book Club Selection.]
She named the website after our book: Remembering.
In the vividly told book, Ms. Seltzer wrote about her African-American foster brothers, Terrell and Taye, who joined the Bloods gang when they were 11 and 13.
Moore's hypothesis (which apparently comes at least in part from the book "Culture of Fear" by Barry Glassner, also advertised on Moore's website) is that the constant bombardment with messages of fear can incite paranoia, which itself can lead to violent acts.
It was not located near the main entrance, as was common practice, but on an upper floor, above the book stacks.
This is an interesting, useful reference book containing information about the better-known writers of America.
Before I knew it, we had written a book.
Don't judge a book by its cover because clothes maketh the man.
I walk hesitantly into the living room where my sister is surrounded by books in the middle of the floor.
Somebody was sitting in the room, beating his hands against a book to the rhythm of the song.
As Andrew Norman wrote, in a letter published in this book on page 113, “You flit freely back and forth between prescriptivism and descriptivism.”
There are many, of course, but unaccountably, they are not the focus of this book.
If you broaden your scope a bit, I think it would be difficult to find a time over the last 40 years or so when any of these four archetypes didn't have a level of bubbling popularity via books, comic books, tv, movies, video games, music.
http://tinyurl.com/c5g7yc A profound reminder to NOT judge a book by its cover!
One book was the Bible; the other was a book written by Darwin.
I'm spending the GDP of Rwanda on books Pulaski recognized by VHQC for excellence in treating congestive heart failure.
I don't remember if you've made noises here before about turning these into a book, but if you do you've got at least one reader.
It can help purchase clothing, school supplies, books and educational tools throughout the year.
Plus, to acknowledge your increased gift of $750, we’ll send you a free copy of our stunning coffee-table photography book, Living Planet Preserving Edens of the Earth.
Enclosed is a corporate sponsorship package that includes a sample auction book from last year's event, JCC market statistics and an overview of the many programs that will be preserved and strengthened through your generous support.
This is not to suggest that Dickson's book is a catalogue of bloopers, or what Amsel Greene (and Jack Smith) like to call pullet surprises .
All in all, for a relatively primitive system, it is not too bad; but you would have to be in love with your computer to use it in preference to a far more complete books of synonyms available (especially The Synonym Finder , Rodale in the U.S. and Canada, Longman elsewhere, which offers more than 800,000 synonyms, more than three times the number listed in any other synonym book).
A longish section, “Some Troublesome Idiomatic Prepositions,” and a “Glossary of Grammatical and Linguistic Terms Used in This Book,” followed by a list of “References,” sources associated with specific entries, round out the work.
I have been re-reading all our favorite books -- 
I often wonder when a really great fictional book will be written about this era (probably decades and decades hence as it is too close).
Doctors David C. Miller and Lovera Wolf Miller understand this and it is a primary reason they wrote Womenopause: Stop Pausing and Start Living (O-Books) – an exceptional book that acts as an informative yet compassionate guide through menopause.
Miles's book is riddled with many similar distortions, convenient omissions, and generalizations:
They found the ape sitting at a desk in the reading room with two books spread out in front of him.
It's odd, however, that in repeating this charge, the Times didn't interview the man most closely associated with it, Christopher Hitchens, or refer to the book where he set it out, The Missionary Position .
wanna host a blog, book, etc at www.amazonfail.com ??
Here is a commonsense style book, useful to those who have the education and common sense to be in doubt about questions of English usage.
When we reach my locker, I put my books away and turn towards Chris.
We also publish a wide range of books, maps, and trail guides.
More Attention In an effort to motivate the boy into focusing more attention on his schoolwork, the father said to his son, "When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light from the fireplace.
The case was the subject of Joe McGinniss' best-selling book "Blind Faith.
Amber says, gesturing at the many books and magazines around her.
ALAN GRANT I read Sarah Harding's book about the parenting instincts of the T-Rexes.
According to the blurb on the dust jacket of this distinctly unpleasant book, Rosalind Miles is head of the Centre for Women's Studies at Coventry Polytechnic, a lecturer, broadcaster, journalist, and author of several other books, including a “highly acclaimed” biography of Ben Jonson.
It is not at once apparent why the book is styled an “almanac,” but that is unimportant: there is no other book I know of that contains as much diverse information about American writers as this one.
The committee published many books and other forms of literature, which gave Hirschfeld a great amount of prestige in his field.
The end result of such roundtables, one can only fear, could be that the only books depicting people of color that get published are those that do not challenge white assumptions.
In this same vein, the mirthless Milton adds his bit to the general hilarity of nations when, in describing Mount Etna in Book I of Paradise Lost (lines 236-7) he penned And leave a singed bottom all involved With stench and smoke: ...
Last year, in our old office, I had my only two real options books stolen from among the many and varied books on my desk.
The present book is extracted from the two major works that resulted from the Survey, The Linguistic Atlas of England (1978) and A Word Geography of England (1974), both under the direction of Harold Orton, aided by Sanderson and Widdowson in the latter effort.
This book is a good introduction to the subject (in England); those familiar with dialectology in America, and those interested in the study in England or, indeed, generally would be well advised to add Word Maps to their libraries.
Is reading a book Finished with Semester 5 of law school I've just decided that we don't listen to enough reggae at work (like augusto pablo)...
It was here that he wrote what was to become the final book of the New Testament, the Book of Revelation.
It was here that he wrote what was to become the final book of the New Testament, the Book of Revelation.
The show, along with her seminal book, "Mastering the Art of French Cooking" (1961), revolutionized the way America cooks and eats.
"We were all appalled," the pilot said in his book "The Tibbets Story."
If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
May your every dream come true, sir, and your book sell fabulously.
Daniel Dennett, in his fine book Darwin's Dangerous Idea , advances a hierarchy of forms of "knowing," if I may use that term, that have arisen in evolution by Darwinian means.
This was one of most important quotes from the article: “Invariably,” says Craig, “a black-themed book will come up for consideration, and there won’t be anyone of color to put in an opinion, or there’ll be one, who shouldn’t bear the burden alone.
One might say that subtitling the present book “A Book of Lost Metaphors” is an example of a loose canon [sic] — unless metaphor is taken in its broadest sense—but one is unlikely to find red herrings here: the etymologies of a few hundred words and phrases are given, many not readily findable in standard works of reference.
The book offers a clear and understandable, yet thorough and scientifically sound explanation of the physiology of menopause and the anticipated physical, psychological and mental changes.
The report wasn’t hard, I had already read the book, and so I just jotted down a few notes for him.
While I acknowledge that it is not easy to know how to sort out the many topics to be covered in a usage book, most reasonable writers have taken a stab at writing an entry under a heading that seems a likely place to look, then have provided a detailed index.
It is not at once apparent why the book is styled an “almanac,” but that is unimportant: there is no other book I know of that contains as much diverse information about American writers as this one.
One might say that subtitling the present book “A Book of Lost Metaphors” is an example of a loose canon [sic] — unless metaphor is taken in its broadest sense—but one is unlikely to find red herrings here: the etymologies of a few hundred words and phrases are given, many not readily findable in standard works of reference.
the books and the posts, GO MAKE IT HAPPEN - NOW - DAILY.
This book is a tremendous resource for any woman seeking to employ an intelligent and multifaceted approach to the Womenopause transition.
Because writing an unfavorable review of a (bad) feminist book would be tantamount to treachery, such books are often unjustifiably praised, as was the case with this work by Rosalind Miles, which was well received on its publication in June.
A handful of examples, from the book at hand:
As I read the book, I found myself getting depressed.
I do not plan to write a book: this narrative must move more quickly.
This is my favorite line in the whole NYT article: "Sarah McGrath, the editor at Riverhead who worked with Ms. Seltzer for three years on the book, said she was stunned to discover that the author had lied."
Reading a really good book, and then writing your own.
There is no gainsaying that Safire is one of the most influential writers on contemporary English, and it is essential that his books be in the libraries of all who are interested in the subject, regardless of their alignment with his opinions.
At last you won't be concerned with your size any more




BELLAMY: Off the books, of course.
BRITAINS GOT TALENT 2009 SUSAN BOYLE http://tinyurl.com/ct8p3c Twitter Is Taking Over The World http://tinyurl.com/dn44m3 I can never make it to the Summits.
