The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow, helping youth become strong, independent adults of tomorrow.
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow, helping youth become strong, independent adults of tomorrow.
Or will it be none of them because the Internet allows and encourages a plethora of strong companies and a complex interconnection of businesses where none are allowed to dominate?
Their curiosity pushed them to build vessels that were strong enough to ford the open seas and reach these islands, marking the start of the long legacy of Mediterranean seafaring.
They began the process of building their strong citadels, and reinforcing the Christian faith on the islands.
He says, a strong British accent in his voice
Until today, when a girl with a fiery disposition and a strong heart shall rebel against the empire, change the hearts of the city people, and bring defeat down upon his royal highness.
This spectrum shows 51V hyperfine splitting and the center of the parallel transitions from molecules with the V=O bond oriented along the magnetic field (A || , g || ) which are strong enough to tell the nature of VO 2+equatorial ligands [ 22 ] .
VO 2+bound as the VO 2+-AMPPNP complex to sCD39 produced a strong spectrum characterized by A || of 504.25 MHz and g || of 1.9410 (Fig. 2b), called species T (Table 1).
Expression was particularly strong in the dorsal portion of this pouch (figure 2B).
5, expression was strong in the labial, submental and rhinal vibrissae (figure 4E,F).
As auction houses prepare for their fall seasons in an uncertain economy, the sale price "suggests that the marketplace for important items is enormously strong," said David Redden, a vice chairman at Sotheby's, who was the auctioneer.
E♭ is the tonal center for measures 95-134, although it does not appear as a strong bass note until measure 131.
While the strong V-I motion from measures 90-91 does carry a tonal implication of dominant-tonic, such cadential bass motion does not imply anything about structural function in this context.
This creates both a smooth transition to the second theme and a strong sense that a new section is beginning, a combination that is generally rather difficult to forge.
The tonal center B♭ is established immediately in measures 316-318 by the strong V-I chord progression (Example 16).
Her wrist, when I grabbed it, was smooth and strong and warm in my fingers.
Structural geologists and petroleum geologists have known for years that rivers are strong indicators of faulting (Lattman, 1959; Howard, 1967).
Left to its own means, however, agency may cause strong hierarchies to reform, the balance of power to be lost, and, most importantly, the trust and co-operation necessary for people and information to move across boundaries to be forfeited.
Thank you for your strong support.
Additionally, the Acid Rain cap and trade program is administered with a relatively small staff relying on strong, state-of-the-art data tracking and reporting capabilities.
In fact, the Flamingo would launch over two decades of strong mob presence in Las Vegas.
He says that if he married a female with which he shared a strong trust, maybe he could work it out.
So the only opportunity I have to talk to her (via Skype) is that last hour in the late evening when the loft cools enough to be habitable—provided, of course, that the wifi strength that evening is strong enough to establish and maintain a connection.
God gave him big arms and strong legs, and he was able to swim across the river in about two hours, after almost drowning a couple of times.
He prescribed a strong placebo, but I don't think it's working.
ALAN GRANT You know my dislike of John Hammond was just as strong as yours, but he was right, Ian.
've been asked by people on the LaTeX3 development team to express a strong preference for the former, and a strong dislike for \over! 
've been asked by people on the LaTeX3 development team to express a strong preference for the former, and a strong dislike for \over! 
Support in this way gives strong acknowledgement to prior SGML work.
The tote bag is made of a strong, cotton material and has plenty of room, including a handy sewn-in pocket.
The new plant is part of IBM's push to gain a strong lead in chip-making beyond the personal computer business, where Intel and East Asian chip producers hold the advantage.
But Kelly said the demand for advanced chips, like those produced at IBM's facility in Burlington, Vt., is strong.
Each town, with their own identity, instills a strong regionalistic feeling within their respective populations, which dictates many habits, exchanges, and interactions between populations.
To create a strong sense of place, the surroundings must be all of a piece; space, mass, shapes, and materials must reflect the same sensibility.
They are serious about what they are doing, that is, their buildings exhibit a strong sense of conviction.
The hard truth: The soil of North Truro is not strong enough to support agriculture.
You see, we need a strong membership base to continue delivering on our promise.
But in a deeper sense, the limits on garages are emblematic of the way successive administrations in New York have handled most things: They have consistently assumed that without a strong managerial hand, the city would degenerate into chaos.
The aroQ genes are easily missed during genome annotation because they are small and do not show strong sequence conservation.
But several small foreign banks, with less to gain from a strong South Korea, will not extend loans, possibly jeopardizing the entire bailout.
Thus, results of the analysis between antioxidants and FEV 1 or FVC will be similar unless in a population free of reported lung disease very strong effects on airway narrowing or airflow limitation are present.
27 On the other hand, other economists have observed that strong consumer spending-boosted by low saving and the wealth effect discussed above-has fueled the surge in business investment and strong economic growth in the U.S. economy in recent years.
Two of the former class were low-scoring candidates that were nonetheless conserved in Anopheles (miR-287 and miR-288), indicating that third-species conservation is in our hands a very strong indicator of a candidate gene's validity.
Trees built with different cut-off values for symmetrical best hits, four different formulas for the evolutionary distance calculation (see Materials and Methods) and different parameters of the distributions showed essentially the same topology, with strong bootstrap support for most of the clades (Fig.
Don’t forget that the sun can be very strong in summer.
You might assume that the quarter-point hike means the Fed isn't that worried about inflation, even though there are signs that continued strong demand and tight labor markets are beginning to make themselves felt.
Strong multiculturalists, if they follow their argument to its extremes, end up having to support some other culture whose basic principles violate their own--thereby elevating the values of that culture above their own.
In the early years of Christianity a strong churc h — the Coptic—was established in Egypt, and it flourished in this area, now south of the city center.
An article warns Americans not to gloat over Japan's economic woes: We need a strong Japan to keep the world economy stable.
I am afraid that an adjective like penetrating is not only a bit strong but would be likely to be adopted as a slogan by the editor.
U.S. multinationals have been feeling the sting of the strong dollar for some time now, and the continued weakening of Asian currencies will continue to hurt their profit margins.
Introduction of a single ACS like element (9/11 match) in p21N (ARSc and ARSd) showed a strong band shift (Fig.
"I don't think you should make fun of anyone who has a strong desire for public service.
In the second place, the dollar has remained strong against the world's other major currencies.
Upon oxidation, this compound emits strong fluorescence with emission maximum centered at λ 545 , which can be viewed and quantified using fluorescence microscopy.
According to the Straits Times of Singapore, Ong Teng Cheong, the incumbent and the country's first elected president (prior to 1993 the president was chosen by parliament), wanted to seek re-election, but the Cabinet declined to support him for a second term because it felt "there was a strong likelihood that the President's health would affect the discharge of his official duties in the next few years."
That is, if you are going to say something about people, then avoid using the word man (for example) because, regardless of the ancillary definitions one might find in the dictionary, in its most common meaning and use it denotes `male' and the strong connotations of that denotation are carried over to all other applications of the word: it is not, in fact, as neutral as some believe it to be.
Weak commodity demand and a strong dollar are staving off inflation, but the Fed should pre-emptively raise interest rates before the bubble bursts.
Ipl is specifically expressed in the placental labyrinth [ 6 7 ] , and this probe gave a strong signal only in RNA from the superficial halves.
The Cars gene is not functionally imprinted, and the Nap1l4 gene shows a weak expression bias in some mouse tissues, but not in several human tissues examined to date [ 4 5 ] . The Obph1 gene, which shows a strong allelic bias in mRNA expression in the placenta, but not in other tissues, is located upstream of Tnfrh1 . Since assessment of allelic bias in the placenta is complicated by the presence of maternal cells, it is not known with certainty whether Obph1 is imprinted.
"I have the tremendous security of knowing that our business picture is very strong and that takes a lot of stress off," she said.
Similarly, one organization's central group was instrumental in acquiring a strong user authentication system to help ensure that network use could be reliably traced to the individual users.
This coast also has a succession of truly idyllic beaches, wide open and wild — but be aware that the currents here are extremely strong, and swimming is not recommended.
Our analysis of mitochondrial genomes shows that in most instances the calculated probabilities (ML-mapping, Bayesian posterior probabilities, or bootstrap values) support the expected tree topologies, albeit with surprisingly strong support values.
Although a strong dollar relative to several European currencies (notably the German mark and the Italian lira) is worrisome, it is nowhere near as serious as the huge ($50 billion in 1995!)
Chicano prisoners have a strong sense of family and community and feel they are constantly being watched by their barrio, family, women, and their home-boys peer group.
"If it does not test, the government might find it difficult to survive against the strong public reaction."
( Slate 's "Chatterbox" has strong views on this article.
However, they would have seen a structure with a veneer of splendid color and decorated with magnificently carved sculptures; not to mention a strong wooden roof now lost to posterity.
However, the strong similarity of MHCK-C to MHCK-A and MHCK-B in the conserved catalytic domain and the carboxyl-terminal WD repeat domain suggested that it might represent a third myosin heavy chain kinase in this organism.
Blood circulation is established over most of the yolk mass and the flow is strong in the subintestinal vein.
In the bladder, a relatively strong MIF staining was observed in the basal and intermediate layers of the urothelium of male and female rats confirming and extending our recent findings in male rats [ 10 11 ] . The superficial layer of the urothelium, on the other hand, contained relatively weak staining and areas devoid of MIF staining were often encountered.
By contrast, if divorce required mutual consent, your spouse could accept your efforts to make him or her happy without feeling a strong need to reciprocate.
Overlay both of these religions with a strong dose of animism, and you have a thoroughly inscrutable religious milieu in which Hindus and Buddhists worship at the same temples, and rocks, trees, and waterfalls take on mystical importance.
A few weeks ago, at a conference organized by Michael Mauboussin of Credit Suisse First Boston, Disney Imagineer Danny Hillis said that he thought Britannica's brand was so strong that once it got its act together, it would be a Web powerhouse.
Jamaica seeks to combine these influences with its own strong identity to create an independent and stable society.
No E2F staining was detected in BrdU labelled cells (green) of wild-type wing discs, whereas non-S phase cells showed strong E2F (red) staining (fig.
Drosophila embryogenesis has been studied extensively, providing a strong foundation of knowledge for our project [ 17].
2I) and showed strong LHR immunoreactivity with microglial cells (arrowhead; see Fig.
The caretakers must be physically strong, and have enough stamina to tote groceries and supplies up hill, and garbage down hill.
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow, helping youth become strong, independent adults of tomorrow.
I now invite you to continue to support the mission and the message that is so important to building strong kids, strong families and strong communities.
I now invite you to continue to support the mission and the message that is so important to building strong kids, strong families and strong communities.
I now invite you to continue to support the mission and the message that is so important to building strong kids, strong families and strong communities.
The situation is ‘strong’ (Mischel, 1968) in as much as it provides little scope for improvisation.
In an essay on the femme fatale heroines of film noir, Janey Place argues that the strong behavior of the female characters supersedes the moral lessons supposedly imparted by their morals at the end.
She writes, “the final ‘lesson’ of the myth often fades into the background and we retain the image of the erotic, strong, unrepressed (if destructive) woman.”
We have shown that a single conservative amino acid change in a bacterial subtilisin enzyme can create a strong T cell epitope in our guinea pig model.
The winners: British Prime Minister Tony Blair ("[His] reputation as a strong leader on the international stage will be enhanced.
Despite some strong descriptions of events, all the papers could have done a better job of explaining them.
