This suggests that the development of future guidelines should take YHL or other measures of quality of life into account.
Second, patients with Q-wave myocardial infarction were not eligible for enrollment because it was felt that statins would not influence the development of important prognostic determinants such as left ventricular systolic dysfunction, ventricular arrhythmias or mechanical complications [ 5 ] . Nevertheless, patients who develop electrocardiographic Q-waves represent a substantial proportion of all patients with myocardial infarction.
Understanding the enzymatic mechanisms of the NTPDases will help description of their physiological functions, and development of strategies to regulate the functions of the enzymes.
GABA signaling plays several roles in neuronal development.
Early in CNS development, GABA can modulate neuron progenitor proliferation as well as neuron migration, survival and differentiation [ 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14].
Later, during postnatal development, normal GABAergic input is required for activity-dependent plasticity in the visual cortex as shown in the Gad2 knockout mouse [ 15, 16].
In addition to these functions in the developing CNS, GABA signaling is also required for the normal development of non-neural tissues.
Targeted mutations of the Gad1 gene lead to defective development of the secondary palate [ 17, 18].
The cleft palate phenotype of the Gad1 mutants suggests the involvement of GABA-mediated signals in the normal development and differentiation of a structure derived from the oral epithelium and neural crest ecto-mesenchyme.
This intriguing genetic evidence indicates a role for GABA-mediated signaling in the development of a non-neural structure, the secondary palate.
The potential for this pathway to be involved in the early development of additional non-neural tissues has not yet been thoroughly explored [ 23].
The earlier activation of Gad1 in the forelimb reflects the normal temporal order of events in limb development.
Expression was activated in a posterior to anterior (towards the nose) progression in the lateral nasal and maxillary rows, reflecting the pattern of vibrissal development [ 29].
The expression results reported here show that Gad1 was activated in several tissues outside of the central nervous system during mouse development.
As development proceeded Gad1 was detected in pharyngeal endoderm and in the ectodermal placodes of the vibrissae.
During embryogenesis, post-transcriptional regulation occurs by alternative splicing during embryonic development in rats and mice [ 32, 33].
Previously reported sites of embryonic Gad1 expression outside of the brain and spinal cord during rodent development include the lens fibers and the olfactory pit [ 38, 39].
Our results document localized expression of Gad1 at additional non-CNS sites in the mouse embryo, suggesting a potential role for GABA signaling in the development of these structures.
The genetic data strongly suggest that GABA acts through GABA A receptors to modulate the development of this tissue.
The localized and dynamic expression pattern of Gad1 suggests a wider role for GAD and GABA in the development of non-neural tissues than was previously known.
We would propose lifting the cap by=20 offering amendments to SB27X, which is designed to facilitate development o= f=20 distributed generation.
on-site=018) generation that is 50 MWs= or=20 greater must receive certification from the California Energy Commission an= d=20 therefore face all of the impediments to development that large-scale=20 generation faces.
While rethinking the plans will delay the original rebuilding schedule slightly, it does not need to stall progress if the governor keeps the pressure on the Lower Manhattan Development Corp.
Within the next few weeks the Lower Manhattan Development Corp.
These revisions reflect two major developments: (1) our equity trading activities have been extended into the United Kingdom, and (2) in an effort to streamline the information flow process, the "Review Team" will play a more centralized role, so that the role of the "Resource Group" is no longer necessary.You are required to become familiar with, and to comply with, the Policies and Procedures.
Virtually every child psychologist knows that mother/child bonding is essential for the development of empathy and social abilities, the awareness of the consequences of one's actions, and the learning of conflict resolution by non-violent means.
This process leads to the development of what can be broadly termed culture: a group of people joined by characteristics, traits, and beliefs comes to view themselves as sharing a distinct identity, discernible from that of those “outside” them, those who do not belong.
Language plays a complex and integral role in the development and redefinition of an identity, particularly when that identity has been oppressed and subsumed by a dominant other for as long as that of the indigenous peoples in Latin America has. In particular I will examine two divergent yet remarkably parallel cases, that of the Maya in Guatemala and the Nasa and Guambiano peoples of Colombia.
The growth in popularity and militarism of these popular leftist movements is intertwined with the development of the indigenous revitalization movements.
Pan-Mayanism has succeeded in part due to its focus on issues of ethnicity; it largely avoids specifically political overtones, instead concentrating on the development of the reemerging Mayan culture (England 2003: 734).
The CRIC, which focuses on language development and renewal, is primarily representative of the Nasa peoples (Jackson 2003: 82).
The translation of the Colombian constitution sparked the development of neologisms, as the goal of the translators was not to provide a direct translation of the constitution, but to recapture its spirit in a native, rather than Western discourse (Gow and Rappaport 2002: 58-59).
Efforts towards development, then, cannot endanger traditional culture and values, for fear of losing cultural legitimacy (Jackson 1995: 5).
Sonograms allow doctors to estimate the fetus's weight, which correlates with the lungs' development, and to look for signs--such as the development of functioning eyelids and creases in the skin--that coincide with the onset of a functioning respiratory system.
Sonograms allow doctors to estimate the fetus's weight, which correlates with the lungs' development, and to look for signs--such as the development of functioning eyelids and creases in the skin--that coincide with the onset of a functioning respiratory system.
The trombone motive in measures 134-141, shown in Example 12, is the subject of the fugato section in part 3 of the development, although its importance is downplayed here.
In Example 2, the entire development section is represented by exactly three pitches, and indeed each subsection is associated with one of these three pitches as its tonal center—none of these pitches is involved in the structural whole-tone descent.
As Paul Wilson states, the development “is, for Bartók’s music, developmental in a relatively conventional way”; the themes from the exposition are expanded and modified, and tonalities other than those expected arise.
The only slight abnormality, though it is certainly not unheard of even in classical-period sonata movements, is the emergence of a new theme in the second section of the development.
The first section of the development, measures 231-271, begins with a big D-minor chord which immediately establishes D as the tonal center for the section.
The passage beginning at measure 248, shown in Example 13, can be considered to be the “theme” of this section, and is a development of the second head motive of the first theme.
The second section of the development is in C♯ (which is sometimes spelled D♭).
The arrival at C♯ was foreshadowed by the first two measures of the development (Example 15), which are almost a direct transposition of the two head motives of the first theme to C♯.
Because of its emphasis here in the development section and its position as leading to B in the second theme group, we could conceive of C# as a sub-dominant in this movement.
The third section of the development takes the trombone motive from the transition between the first and second sections of the exposition shown in Example 12, transposed to begin on F, and turns it into a fugato sequence, reproduced in Example 17.
Both B♭ and A♭ are chromatic neighbors to A, which intensifies the arrival on A, and brings out the fact that the appearance of A continues the large-scale whole-tone descent that has been left stranded on B for the entire development section.
Long-continued tilting in a cross-valley direction will cause lateral erosion and the development of an asymmetrical valley and drainage network.
The new environment suggests a shift from pre-ordained and linear development to perpetually changing career paths and possibilities.
In the process of enacting their careers, individuals engage in reinforcing the cohesive social patterns of the industry which serve to guide the stages of their development.
Just as careers can be traced in the Valley through the development of technology and tightly knit project teams, in film a clear pattern also emerges that reveals micro-level organising shaping macro activity.
It is fundamental to boundaryless careers in that people are ultimately responsible for their own development.
This development includes community-building that will influence the make-up and effectiveness of future project teams.
We need help to supplement the funds raised by Alaskans For Wildlife for careful polling, the development of voter education spots for television, radio and newspapers, the placement of those ads, and “get-out-the-vote” efforts on election day.
Under current law, the necessary reductions would be achieved through the development of individual state plans.
The "National Climate Change Technology Initiative" will accelerate priority research and the application of advanced energy and sequestration technologies, recognizing that the real answer to addressing climate change in the long term lies in the development and global introduction of such technologies in this century.
However, they do the right thing when they invite readers to sign up for emails that will deliver "the latest developments".
Fossils tell an obscure story of man’s slow and sporadic development.
Surrounded by acres of farmland hewn from the hard desert, the adobe fort became a focal point for the development of Las Vegas for the next fifty years.
Woods also thought that maybe it was caused by something in the development of the embryo.
 but all of the history of the development of these clauses suggests that -- and this Court has indicated in its decisions with respect to copyright, that the Framers were concerned and the Congress is legitimately concerned not just in providing the spark of creativity, but to make sure that that's distributed widely and available, and there may be many reasons why -- we're -- we -- And
To be sure, automated selection of and translation to a registered MIME charset is a non-trivial task, and mailers which are trying to adopt MIME right away cannot be faulted for deferring development of such functionality for a while.
and mailers which are trying >to adopt MIME right away cannot be faulted for deferring >development of such functionality for a while.
Ralph Youngen, Associate Director, Electronic Product Development for AMS has accepted the invitation to join the group, along with a couple of his colleagues.
've been asked by people on the LaTeX3 development team to express a strong preference for the former, and a strong dislike for \over! 
I also had the feeling for some time, and the same feeling exists in the SGML community, that the developments of HTML-Math and of HTML in general were suffering from a NIH syndrome.
> I also had the feeling for some time, and the same feeling exists in > the SGML community, that the developments of HTML-Math and of HTML > in general were suffering from a NIH syndrome.
And thousands of endangered sea turtles and other creatures continue to die each year unnecessarily due to wasteful fishing and over development, forces that keep these species in a fragile state.
Your nickel a day can, when it joins the stream of other member donations, help stop water pollution at its source ... protect sea turtle nesting beaches from development ... and defend seals, dolphins, and other ocean wildlife from the threat of entanglement and drowning in fishing nets and marine debris.
It is spending more than $500 million a year on semiconductor research and development.
He praised IBM for being "a critical partner in our economic development efforts" in New York state.
In a field that has struggled long and hard to prove that mind, mood and behavior can be studied empirically, the past decade, Davison says, has seen "exciting developments" that demonstrate the validity of various psychotherapeutic interventions and the psychosocial-behavioral models on which they are based.
2 Former 39 U.S.C. § 504(a) authorized the Postmaster General to maintain a research and development program, and to conduct experiments to enhance the operational efficiency and economy of the postal system.
The secret to dating like a French woman: http://bit.ly/1JWMJ2 The BBC's Washington correspondents track developments in the first 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency.
Since the construction of the New Macau-Taipa Bridge has allowed easy access to the airport, the population has grown to more than 30,000, with industrial development, new apartment blocks, and luxury resort hotels.
The quaint Taipa Village, with its narrow lanes and colonial buildings painted yellow, blue, and green, has almost been completely swallowed up by the development of nearby housing projects.
Guangzhou today is mostly about business and industry, featuring new development, skyscrapers, a whole new business area, and raised expressways.
In part, prices reflect development of a market structure based on such variables as the number of prints.
The Oklahoma City energy and defense concern said it will record a $7.5 million reserve for its defense group, including a $4.7 million charge related to problems under a fixed-price development contract and $2.8 million in overhead costs that won't be reimbursed.
In the non-military area of influencing events around the world, the financial and economic are, the World Bank President Wilfinson said recently, Governor, that U.S. contributions to overseas development assistance is lower now almost than it has ever been.
I am in favor of tax cuts to encourage and give incentives for the quicker development of these new kinds of technologies.
