The Turks lost a short war with Italy, and were forced to relinquish the Dodecanese islands to the Italians.
With everybody's indulgence, I would expect to go to approximately o'clock, no later than o'clock tomorrow to make up for the time that we lose during the morning session.
Readers should be familiar with Robert Claiborne's earlier books, especially Our Marvelous Native Tongue: The Life and Times of the English Language . One might say that subtitling the present book “A Book of Lost Metaphors” is an example of a loose canon [sic] — unless metaphor is taken in its broadest sense—but one is unlikely to find red herrings here: the etymologies of a few hundred words and phrases are given, many not readily findable in standard works of reference.
We don't know who is winning the drug war in Latin America, but we know who's <b>losing</b> it -- the press.
McKim, much to his chagrin, not only lost but placed third behind Howard & Cauldwell.
Day by day, your support as a member of the Conservancy becomes more and more crucial to the success of our work -- to protect and save natural areas that soon may be lost forever.
By not cutting a child’s hair and by watching the mollera and the head, mothers took care to not lose the tonalli.
Then the task was to help children who lost parents in the Civil War.
Without your help we will lose some of this grant money.
Decoherence, then, aords a way that phase information can be lost, thereby collapsing the wave function in a nonmysterious fashion.
Conversely, the retailer loses $240 = $440 – $200 whenever it stocks out of a dress that a customer would have purchased at full price.
1 out of every 3 pets is lost every year;
Yet some users of this software have been able to decrease the amount of cloth lost in this way by as much as 2 percent.
In November, 1988 the Indiana University School of Law - Indianapolis, its students, alumni, and friends lost a great friend, teacher and colleague.
Retailers no longer needed to carry such large inventories, the risk of losing shipments was reduced, and delivery was more certain on a specified schedule.
We are losing natural areas and habitats at an alarming rate.
The practice of reusing objects that have lost their original purpose, such as kitchen pitchers and pots, is a means of keeping something familiar, something associated with a memory, alive and finding a new use for it.
The law school is limited in these recessionary times because it's impractical to raise tuition significantly to gain the difference from lost state appropriations.
A novel molecular species, Q, introduced into one species would be sequestered, leave the cell unchanged and be taken up by other cells or lost in the soil, or undergo a reaction to form a known or a novel species.
This allows donors to adjust their budget without losing any money they are already receiving.
Because volume and revenue are highly correlated, if volume is lost to cream skimming, then revenue is also <b>lost</b>.
By 907 the people could see, through all the turmoil and confusion, that the dynasty had lost the “mandate of heaven,” and so it was that the last of the Tang monarchs abdicated.
One early critic of this trend, Sherman Lee, then director of the Cleveland Museum of Art, complained 20 years ago that NEH "tends to lose sight of the fundamental purpose of an art exhibition, which is not to illustrate history but to allow an art work to be understood and enjoyed as a work of art."
“For want of a nail, the shoe was lost; for want of the shoe, the horse was <b>lost</b>; and for want of the horse, the rider was <b>lost</b>,” more or less, said Benjamin Franklin.
Help us take action before we lose another acre ...or another species.
Home run king Babe Ruth couldn’t clear Mangrove Lake, the big wet problem on the 5th hole; he lost 11 balls.
But Dole also lost because of deep Republican problems.
"After losing my job due to downsizing, I <b>lost</b> my home, my car and nearly everything I owned.
The head of the Bin Ladin unit kept providing updates, unaware at first even that the Arabs had left Kuala Lumpur, let alone that their trail had been lost in Bangkok.
In 1708, during the War of the Spanish Succession, the British seized the island for its port, and kept possession until temporarily losing it to the French in 1756.
But the pro-life movement recognizes it has lost the larger debate, and has therefore adopted a step-by-step strategy.
This chapter examines the reasons that different suppliers win and <b>lose</b>, reviewing many of the innovations we have discussed throughout.
"After losing my job due to downsizing, I <b>lost</b> my home, my car and nearly everything I owned.
Moreover, when it was possible to measure the amount of lost genes (that is, in enterobacteria), we have found that they also tend to be more A+T-rich than the genome (Mann-Whitney test, p < 10 -4; results not shown), suggesting a greater turnover of A+T-rich genes.
As the government stood accused by a Russian TV network of claiming less than a tenth of the real number of Russian troops killed in Chechnya, the latest issue of the weekly military newspaper Nezavisimoye Voyennoye Obozreniye said the official "numbers game" about casualties is losing any relation to reality.
A recent study confirms this to be the case in breast cancer, where expression of TSP-1 in stroma adjacent to ductal carcinoma in situ is lost in cases with more aggressive histological features [ 30 ] . There are also reports, however, that fibroblast TSP-1 can induce matrix metalloproteinase-9 in breast tumor cells and gastric cancer tumor cells, and this in turn may lead to a more invasive phenotype [ 14 31 ] . In the present study, TSP-1 was not expressed differentially in the stroma of benign tissue specimens or malignant tissue specimens, nor in the epithelial component of breast tumors with or without metastases.
According to the story, based on a GAO report, sloppy IRS practices meant that in the first nine months of 1998 the agency doled out $17 million in fraudulent and wrong refunds and that it lost track of a Chevy Blazer and a $300,000 laser printer.
"I think there's a real danger that people will lose benefits because they won't understand how to handle this (money)," said Glenda Harrison, staff attorney with the Northern Kentucky Legal Aid Society in Covington.
Instead of turning belly up, Clinton followed the golden rule of spin: When you're explaining, you're losing.
A protein was considered as recently lost in species A if it had no match in species A (same criterion as before) and at least one match in species C (bit score higher than 50% of the bit score of the protein against itself).
22 Nevertheless, to the extent that volume would be lost to cream skimmers, the impact on Poste Italiane would be greater than on the U.S.
When pop music makes headlines, many people are forced to admit that they have lost track of it.
The agency, which gets more than half of its $5 million budget from the LSC, will lose $525,000, said executive director Joseph Bartylak.
Except, of course, that if you do you lose all hope of capturing what market does exist, and except, of course, that when you stop making cars, you have to close factories and throw people out of work.
He apparently lost his position at the King Fahd mosque, possibly because of his immoderate reputation.
Speed's obviously rattled mechanic-friend, Pops, expresses panic--"Speed, if you don't win, we could <b>lose</b> everything."
As a result, genes contained in the intron of the Sophophoran Rh4 ( sina , CG13030 and CG13029 ) have been lost in the process.
Best argument against it: Kids will lose their laptops.
However, our results support the view that: 1) Gene functions are lost or rearranged in almost all (if not all) of the archival strains tested.
Those who fell on the black side of the law often lost the rights to vote, to hold high-status jobs, and to defend their persons and property in the courts.
Again, the VSL is built based on the present value of 5 years of lost life, so in this case, we have a 70 year old individual dying from pneumonia <b>losing</b> 5 years of life, implying an estimated VSL of $1.
At last month's convention in Dearborn, Perot lost control of the party and thus the implied power to be or choose its nominee.
A second, less appealing, possibility is that a GshA gene was present in the last common ancestor and was subsequently lost from many organisms, primarily those that live under anaerobic conditions.
Jordan has to win at everything, at cards, at tennis, at golf (he has <b>lost</b> hundreds of thousands gambling at that game).
It is possible that the lineage leading to P. multocida and H. influenzae lost GshA, and P. multocida subsequently acquired the fused GshA-ATP-grasp superfamily homolog in its place.
But somewhere along the way, they've--we've--also lost all patience for kids.
The talent is name-brand--among the stars scheduled to shine there briefly at some point in the future are Harvard theologian Cornel West, Harvard philosopher Anthony Appiah, Parisian semiotician Julia Kristeva, feminist psychoanalytic critic Juliet Mitchell, and even, interestingly, that elegist of public intellectualism lost, Russell Jacoby, author of The Last Intellectuals --but all of them are of a political inclination (leftish) that has been <b>losing</b> the culture wars on campus of late.
The three groups that deliver most of the legal aid to the poor in Illinois will lose about $920,000 in congressional funding annually, said Eric Kleiman, a spokesman for Legal Services Corp., the Washington-based agency that distributes federal money for legal aid.
One or two brilliant entries may have been lost because they were MIME.
Because volume and revenue are highly correlated, if volume is lost to cream skimming, then revenue is also <b>lost</b>.
Accordingly, poly(A) sites are not efficiently recognised when positioned between 5' and 3' splice sites [ 38 39 ] , and insertion of a 5' splice site into a 3' terminal exon suppresses polyadenylation [ 40 42 ] . Conversely, upstream 3' splice sites can enhance polyadenylation [ 43 44 45 ] . We find that the proximal hnRNP A2/B1 exon upstream of the provirus does not lose its identity; rather, the exon splices either to the Neo splice site or to the next hnRNP A2/B1 exon.
Household bill/payment mail has started losing volume; but the number of pieces <b>lost</b>, so far, is too small to have any material impact on First-Class volume.
Two weeks after the surgery when all mice had recovered body weight lost due to the stress from the surgery, another glucose tolerance test was performed, and after another week, all the mice were placed into metabolic cages in groups of eight in a balanced design.
If the TAR vector recombines with a genomic DNA fragment, the URA3 gene is lost and the resulting YAC clone becomes resistant to 5-FOA.
With the exception of lost genes, the Buchnera genome might reflect the gene order it had when the bacterium became an endosymbiont and <b>lost</b> recA.
In the wing the accumulation of Fz at the distal edge of the cell requires the function of dsh [ 10 ] . We examined aristae from dsh 1; arm-fz-GFP pupae and found that the preferential distal accumulation of Fz was lost (Fig.
For example, lost sales experienced by suppliers of advertising were considered distributional impacts because the dollars not spent on advertising are not <b>lost</b> to the economy but will be spent on other goods and services.
After two weeks of DOX treatment, mice were losing excess weight at the given schedule of DOX treatment so the spacing of injections was increased to each seven days for the next three weeks and mouse weight stabilized.
The first, "introns-early", posits that introns were present in most, if not all, protein-coding genes in the last universal common ancestor (LUCA) and have subsequently been lost in the archaeal and bacterial domains due to strong selection for compact genomes.
Yet, if our liberties are curtailed, we lose the values that we are struggling to defend.
In the bariatric clinic at Behavioral Medicine Center for Treatment and Research (BMedCTR) in Portland, Oregon, among the patients who failed, a subset was observed to have unusual difficulty adhering to diet and exercise plans, and as a result lost less fat mass than typically occurs.
Since the N-terminal prosequence of HsN3 is processed upon assembly into the 20S proteasome, we deleted the prosequence of HsN3 and replaced it with the Flag/T7-epitopes to assure that the epitopes will not be lost due to prosequence-processing.
The organization of tryptophan-pathway genes in the ten archaeal genomes and six bacterial genomes that are thus far known to possess TrpEb_2 are displayed on a 16S rRNA tree in Figure 7. Pyrococcus horikoshii has lost the entire pathway, and only trpEb_2 is present.
Before seeking visas to enter the United States, Atta, Shehhi, and Jarrah obtained new passports, each claiming that his old passport had been lost.
So they've been ripped off once by having to pay this fee and then in court by losing their case."
Fixation with formaldehyde followed by extraction with Triton X-100 is a fairly standard method for immunofluorescence microscopy of cells, but microextensions were fragmented and sometimes even lost during this treatment as shown in Figure 2, A,B,C.
Since S. pombe contains only three chromosome pairs, aberrant assortment during one or both of the meiotic divisions can produce, by chance, a significant fraction of meiotic products that receive at least one copy of each chromosome and are hence viable [ 38 43 ] . Aberrant segregation can also produce nullisomic aneuploids (missing one or more chromosomes), polysomic aneuploids (having additional copies of individual chromosomes), and diploids [ 38 39 44 ] . In S. pombe the haploids and diploids are viable, nullisomic aneuploids are inviable, and disomic aneuploids tend to lose the extra chromosome or chromosomes and become haploid [ 45 ] . We therefore determined the frequencies of spore viability and meiotic diploidy as genetic measures of chromosome segregation errors.
Surprisingly, however, adrenalectomized mice regained all the weight lost after surgery (Fig.
A consequence is the correlation in presence/absence among genes in the same pathway, even if they occupy separate locations on the chromosome: if pathway function is lost, all genes in the pathway are invariably <b>lost</b> or degraded.
West Virginia lost 30,000 poor people, according to Census figures used by the Legal Services Corp.
Instead, most mutants lost the exclusive, punctate nuclear rim localization, the GFP-Nups were present in areas distinct from the NE and often in discrete foci (Figure 2, panels G and K).
In family situations, for example, lawyers must ensure that powers of attorney and guardianships are used to serve only the person transferring or losing rights.
Whenever a stable periodic solution loses stability as we vary the underlying parameters of the system and this solution transitions to another qualitative solution - for example, a steady-state equilibrium - we say that the system undergoes a Hopf bifurcation.
A CEO may lose authority when the position is too diluted.
In a fz mutant, where hair formation no longer takes place at the cell periphery this guidance would be lost (Fig.
CO and FOC fed groups did not lose different amounts of body weight during DOX treatment.
Spiegelman and collaborators [ 34 35 ] asked bacteriophage Qβ only to "go forth and replicate" in the medium containing Qβ replicase, and numerous functions were lost.
A rededication to preparedness is perhaps the best way to honor the memories of those we lost that day.
Past work has shown that BDNF and NT-3 appear to shift in their expression into inner hair cells around birth or are lost in the ear and other parts of the nervous system [ 6 10 20 23 ] . It has been suggested that other neurotrophins may come into play in the ear [ 11 ] . However, the apex of Brn3c null mutants, which retains most of the spiral neuron afferents at 6-month, shows no formation of mature hair cells at any time surveyed here (P0, P8, P10).
Often the handoffs of information were lost across the divide separating the foreign and domestic agencies of the government.
During the contract period H-2A aliens are very fearful of losing their job or of not being accepted by their employer for future employment should they complain.
Wilson learned from Eric Kleiman, a spokesman for Legal Services Corp. - the Washington, D.C.-based agency that distributes federal money for free legal aid programs in Illinois - that LSC will lose about $920,000 in congressional funding annually.
They either didn't go to court or they lost at court."
They knew American 77 was lost.
That is not a pleasant prospect, but it is a heck of a lot better than the prospect of losing a big chunk of the remaining 92 percent of your business because an overreaching law restricts the sharing of personal information and results in direct marketing volumes going south.
Unresolved relationships or financial, legal, or practical matters may be sources of distress [ 10 ] . Because 30% of families spend their life savings and/or lose a source of income in order to care for the patient, it is important to know about financial status and health insurance coverage [ 11 ] . The need for practical help must be addressed; even the best of care plans may fail if the chores of day-to-day living are not attended to [ 12 ] .
Comparisons between amplified and unamplified RNA indicated that essentially no transcripts were lost during amplificaton.
Finally, the fact that the GAG and receptor binding regions are on opposite regions of the PEDF molecule, suggest the possibility of the existence of PEDF mutants or engineered variants that, having lost or decreased GAG-binding capabilities, still show high affinity for the PEDF receptor in a way not dependent upon GAGs content or composition.
Strains carrying the rad26.T12 mutation undergo cell cycle arrest following treatment with a DNA damage agent, but lose viability upon re-entry into the cell cycle [ 13 40 ] . We found that the rad26.T12 strain is significantly less sensitive to TBZ than rad26Δ and rad3Δ (Figure 2).
Oregon nursery workers are specifically warned not to speak to legal services or they may lose the opportunity to work in the U.S.
Alpaugh residents may see their water fees triple to avoid losing service at the end of the month.
Most populations completely lost the ability to grow in the presence of novobiocin, which suggests an increase in membrane permeability [ 33 ] . However, no significant differences in fitness were found when bile salts were <b>added</b> to the selective medium, indicating that the mechanisms of increased outer membrane permeability were not detrimental to bile resistance.
Do you hold any stocks or shares in an organization that may in any way gain or lose financially from the publication of this paper?
In contrast, none of four (single T-DNA) type L loci lost their endogene silencing ability (Fig.
Another Afghan leader noted that if the United States leaves, "we will lose all that we have gained."
4B, the two mutants also spontaneously lost their inhibitory activity(convert to latency) as wtPAI-1, but at different rates.
All other rRNA operons were lost in entirety as part of regions occurring between syntenic fragments.
This independence is lost with the application of either of the two stimuli, and the effects of agrin and LN1 together are greater than either alone.
From these, 10 individuals were not contacted because the primary care provider did not grant permission, 14 individuals moved out of jurisdiction, 1 was deceased, 14 were ineligible, 7 were lost to follow-up, 16 did not respond to repeated attempts to be contacted, 5 were not needed for the study because we had a sufficient number of controls per case, and 2 individuals refused.
The source had called Khallad Bin Ladin's "run boy," and described him as having lost one leg in an explosives accident at a training camp a few years earlier.
PCR analysis confirmed that all twenty five colonies had lost the [ pMET3-cdc15-2, URA3 ] plasmid, indicating that they were true bypassers of cdc15Δ.
Those who can't afford access to the criminal justice system may lose hope or take matters into their own hands, German said.
This is consistent with the hypothesis that glutamate receptors evolved first in bacteria from K +channels and then lost their selectivity in eukaryotes.
Inclusion of a gene in the ancestor was not dependent on its presence in all the descendant taxa, as a gene could be ancestral but lost from some lineages or acquired after the ancestor but before divergence of some descendant taxa.
This approach would only work if most of the information positions are not lost by the truncation.
For the TIPs, two introns is usual, but several of the genes ( TIP2;3, TIP1;2, TIP2;2, TIP2;x-pseudo and TIP1;1 ) have lost intron one.
In the observed distribution, lost genes are aggregated.
Even at the highest dose, the steady dilution of rIL-1Ra in the presence of constant IL-1β synthesis rapidly lost its protective effects.
Thus, while the assumption of 5 years of life lost may be appropriate for a subset of total avoided premature mortalities, it may over or underestimate the degree of life shortening attributable to PM for the remaining deaths."
Since our practical interest is for ranges of values, and not the exact probability for a given value, nothing is lost by this approximation.
Although not all CIA officers had lost faith in the tribals' capabilities-many judged them to be good reporters-few believed they would carry out an ambush of Bin Ladin.
And for them, the price for losing your house or <b>losing</b> your kids or not getting the income the household needs is incredibly significant."
3 out of 7) while white women lost only 0.4 years.
The strain used in this study, AD169, and the Towne strains were both used to develop vaccines [ 49 ] . Differences in infectivity have been observed between 2 of the same strains of CMV and this may be attributed to the deletion or mutation of certain tropism genes upon extensive serial propagation [ 50 51 ] . Clinical isolates (wild-type CMV) can carry more than 220 genes, and some of these genes can be lost by deletion and/or rearrangement during laboratory passage [ 50 ] . The AD169 strain used in this study has been passaged many times and because of these variations observed among the CMV strains, this may partly account for the low infectivity observed in the BJAB-B1 and P3HR-1 cells.
The majority of tumors in Wnt-1 TG, Pten +/- mice had lost the wild type allele of Pten , suggesting that the complete inactivation of Pten function provides an additional growth advantage to these tumors.
This implies that the CYTH domain has been lost independently on a number of occasions in evolution.
The NYPD suffered 23 fatalities-the second largest loss of life of any police force in history, exceeded only by the number of PAPD officers lost the same day.
For example, when cells were fixed with 3.7% FA for 20 min and extracted with 0.2% TX100 for 5 min (Table 1), stress fibers were stained well with phalloidin, but microextensions were lost (Figure 3Aand 3B).
However, once the endonuclease is lost the intron containing allele becomes more likely to be replaced with an allele that has <b>lost</b> the intron altogether and the cycle of invasion and successive loss begins anew.
The data in Tables 1and 2indicate that only a small percentage of the tocopherols lost from the medium during the uptake phase are recovered in the macrophages.
Of those who withdrew, nine were due to adverse events, two were lost to follow-up, and one did not return for the final visit.
In all those years, she never lost a case.
Additionally, structural information will aid in the rational construction of toxins with reduced binding for beneficial insects without losing activity to target pests.
When the species are not closely related, the degree of gene order conservation is usually low, and consequently it was proposed that conservation of gene order is easily lost during evolution [ 8].
The most common service consideration would involve the number of days to delivery, but mailers can also be interested in achieving delivery on a certain date or even in reducing the risk that the piece is <b>lost</b> in the mail.
The tactical savvy that Sweeney brings might help stanch the AFL-CIO's bleeding (it's been losing more than 200,000 members a year).
He has been very effective in convincing them that it is necessary to change their policies so that practitioners would not fear that screening for alcohol problems could place their patients in jeopardy of losing insurance coverage.
, allowing him to mention Simpson's failure on a lie-detector test) good grounds for an appeal if Simpson loses.
Scott Crocker, executive director of Kentucky Legal Aid, which serves western and southern Kentucky, said his office will lose about $260,000 out of a budget of about $2.
All the other critics in America--"our official arbiters of culture"--"have lost the gift of being able to comprehend a work of art that does not reflect their immediate experience; they have become afraid of genuine art."
Immunoprecipitation of the α subunit after increasing times of chase, followed by SDS-PAGE and fluorography revealed that radiolabeled sα i2 was rapidly lost.
Hard-hearted minds relent and rigor's tears abound,And envy strangely rues his end, in who no fault was found.Knowledge her light hath lost, valor hath slain her knight,Sidney is dead, dead is my friend, dead is the world's delight.
A much larger proportion of the reduction can be attributed to regions lost between syntenic fragments; 1,449 genes were <b>lost</b> in 143 such gaps (Figure 7, bottom).
The Post says in its headline that both groups have been losing members, but the NYT emphasizes cost-cutting needs: The churches can now combine resources and clergy in cash-strapped areas.
With 90 percent of them estimated to lose money, extending their margin calls on their Visa bills, they're modern-day sharecroppers of a sort, indebted to the dot-com company store known as an online brokerage.
If she loses, she'll need him.
[ 22] pointed out that some microextensions may be lost during fixation and washing steps, and Nobes and Hall [ 16] <b>added</b> glutaraldehyde to the fixative in order to stain these delicate structures with phalloidin, but glutaraldehyde had to be omitted for immunostaining.
By confining the movie's perspective to Rosetta and her rituals, the Dardennes suggest the ways in which people lose the big picture and so have no insight into their own corruption.
The statistics might seem cold, but it's impossib le to remain complacent after meeting someone like Katherine -- or a family who has been left homeless by an illegal eviction, a senior who <b>lost</b> his home to foreclosure from a crooked loan transaction, or a domestic violence victim unable to navigate the courts to get a restraining order.
The political benefits of pedophilia have not been lost on Washington's Republicans, who have ginned up not one but two child molestation controversies during the past few weeks.
The trail had been lost in January 2000 without a clear realization that it had been <b>lost</b>, and without much effort to pick it up again.
Jim, I regret to inform you that magazines ain't what they use to be, according to Alex Kuczynski's "At Magazines, the Art of Stirring Debates Seems Lost."
Thus, profitable volume would be lost.
Value America also announced that its revenue for the fourth quarter will fall 6 percent to 9 percent short of analysts' estimates and that it will lose significantly more than analysts had expected in the quarter.
1) "Let's not lose perspective here.
The Globe also alleges that Monica got so far as to call the first lady on her private White House line but lost the nerve to speak when she heard Hillary's voice.
Even if he remains uncorrupted, the president will be immersed in the concerns only of the wealthy and will lose all feeling for the lives of everyone else.
We must all, as a state and as a people, recognize the truth about these criminals," he declared, "[i]f we do not declare a general mobilization-we will lose this war on terrorism."
The California primaries and ballot initiatives demonstrate that 1) California voters are content with the status quo (career politicians won big) and 2) it doesn't take money to <b>win</b> elections anymore (millionaire political neophytes <b>lost</b> big).
(This number is slightly less than the number of retained fragments (153) because, whereas most of the retained fragments were flanked by lost regions, a few directly bordered other retained fragments.)
No, the problem with his analysis is not the prescriptions, nor is it his occasional failure to restrain himself in the silly jokes department ("Innocence is a lot like the air in your tires: There's not a lot you can do with it but lose it").
Because of the funding cuts, 17 people will lose their jobs, including lawyers, paralegals, management and support staff, she said.
The Post --which runs its story inside--notes that Trimble could lose his leadership of the Ulster Unionist Party if he <b>loses</b> a vote at a Nov. 27 meeting.
Others believe that case studies cannot be used for making the kind of generalizations that probabilistic models are used for, so that little is to be gained and so much is to be lost from increasing the number of sites.
Fastenings are often laces--these never lose their cool, even after millennia--or else the kinds used for clothes and belts, most recently snaps and Velcro.
However, some types of repeat were lost due to improper temperature during hybridization followed by washing [ 31 ] . The probes were separately hybridized with fragments to prevent some probes from washing out in this study.
"I have a deadbeat father I have never met," Nussle said on the House floor in 1995, arguing for a provision to compel states to get tougher on child-support collection or risk <b>losing</b> federal aid.
Others, he said, lost possessions to looters after the March 23 blaze, which left 78 people temporarily homeless.
Following this debacle, the Ottomans then allied themselves to Germany in the World War I, losing more territory with the defeat of the Germans in that war.
It would be a shame to lose that talent, though.
The rationale behind referring to them as “lost” arises from the author's observation of an unfortunate state of affairs: because of an increasingly widespread lack of familiarity with the basic, structural elements of our culture—Greek and Roman mythology, the Bible, literature, and ordinary historical fact—people today are unable to discern the origins of terms like aphrodisiac, Achilles [sic] heel or tendon, <b>meet</b> one's Waterloo, sow dragon's teeth , and hand-writing on the wall , to name a few.
The Y142A mutation produced a 160 fold change in K i . This change reflects the binding energy lost as a result of the alanine substitution.
The costs include: (1) direct investment costs, (2) operating and maintenance costs, (3) research and development and other government program costs, (4) transaction, search, and compliance costs, (5) adjustment costs associated with large changes in specific capital stocks, (6) lost economic flexibility created by additional emission requirements, and (7) potential interactions with the existing tax system.
If genes were lost one by one, the expectation is that retained genes would be randomly mixed with <b>lost</b> genes within the ancestral genome.
We have shown previously that several functionally linked genes, encoding proteins involved in chromatin-structure dynamics, which are conserved in S. pombe and other crown-group eukaryotes, have been lost as a group in S. cerevisiae [ 43].
Postal Service wanted to recover the $59 million in lost contribution, it could increase the rates on outbound LC/AO mail, excluding outbound rates to Canada, by 7.5 percent.
In the 19th century, practically all of Spain’s possessions in the Americas broke away in the wake of the Napoleonic Wars, and the few that remained were lost at the end of the 19th century.
Or perhaps I've simply lost my taste for cleavage and greed.
The time saved in production can be lost if the distribution method is slow, or if there are other impediments to the movement of products from the apparel-maker to the retailer.
Recently we lost two outstanding candidates to universities which offered $5,000 scholarships to cover their supplies and equipment.
Another indicator of gene loss through large deletions is the lack of positive relationship between spacer length and number of genes lost for gene deletions that occurred within syntenic fragments (Figure 8).
The Arab town was erected atop this sandy layer and many treasures are still lost below the surface of the modern streets.
Yeltsin, in failing health, has lost the confidence of foreign investors.
For a day or two the Moors are in the lead, but eventually they lose to the Christians.
The Department of Labor estimates business and taxpayers foot a bill of $60 billion a year; a bill caused by workplace accidents, lost productivity, unrealized tax revenues, welfare payments and crime.
It also has high affinity for binding to single-stranded DNA on its own when separated from the three tetracysteine motifs [ 36 ] . Based on the structural and DNA-binding properties of the E. coli topoisomerase I 14 kDa domain, one can conclude that it is possible for a subdomain in topoisomerase I to lose the Zn(II) binding cysteines during evolution and still maintains the Zn-ribbon structure and single-strand DNA binding properties [ 7 ] .
In 1907, two young boys were playing cricket, and after a particularly good stroke they lost the ball down a small sinkhole.
Participants in this nonsense have lost their ability to enjoy physical activities just for fun and the satisfaction derived from a good, hard workout.
In other words, the savings created in throughput reduction in assembly were lost on the shipping dock.
If your pet were lost would you spend $18.
The result was that a few partners' actions served to bet the ranch in connection with the firm's reputation, and they lost the bet!
However, they would have seen a structure with a veneer of splendid color and decorated with magnificently carved sculptures; not to mention a strong wooden roof now <b>lost</b> to posterity.
If this force was lost through violence or a trauma, death could occur.
Six million Poles lost their lives during World War II, and the Jewish population was decimated, reduced from 3 million to just a couple thousand.
The French had recently lost the Napoleonic Wars, Waterloo had come and gone, a certain famous statue to Wellington had been erected in London.
Both islands have large resort hotels that offer water-sports, floor shows, and casinos where you can enjoy the thrill of winning or the dejection of <b>losing</b>.
Children were especially at risk, because this force could be lost through the fontanelle, which was not yet fully closed.
But much of this territory was lost by the next king, Alfonso’s son Peter the Catholic, who picked the <b>losing</b> side in the French crusade against the heretics of Albi.
Yet, it would have made sense, after the Civil War, to recognize that the Tenth Amendment had lost its relevance to a United States that embodied a nation of equal Americans.
While the host tribe’s houses were emptied of everything except bare essentials, the guests would depart knowing that in a year or two they would have to reciprocate if they were not to lose face.
When the vessel was broken, sometimes the stones would fall out and become lost.
The frescoes found while excavating the site are particularly fine and offer a glimpse into a world lost through a devastating earthquake around 1500 b.c.
2 On the other hand, the retail “wagon” should not be too full, since stocking retail shelves with unpopular items also results in excess costs—the cost of capital tied up in unwanted goods, the opportunity cost of the space that could be used for products that customers would buy if present, and, ultimately, lost margin when retailers must resort to price markdowns or product disposal to clear languishing items from their shelves.
But the Venetians’ empire declined as they lost their taste for the adventure of commerce in favor of the safety of their landholdings.
Another era ended in 1684 when the Bermuda Company lost its charter.
In our approach, we assumed that an unfilled order was a lost sale with a <b>lost</b> profit.
His warrior successor, Ramses I, heralded the start of the 19th Dynasty to be followed by Seti I 1291–1279 b.c. who won back many of the lands <b>lost</b> during the Akhenaten years.
Uh, then the Depression came and apparently everyone lost all their money.
Many writers link the lost continent of Atlantis with the Canaries.
All mothers who have lost children identify with her, and feel her pain.
Also exhibited are examples of Linear B type, which was deciphered in 1952 and is of Mycenaean origin — showing that by the time the tablet was written the Minoans had lost control of the major cities.
“For want of a nail, the shoe was lost; for want of the shoe, the horse was <b>lost</b>; and for want of the horse, the rider was <b>lost</b>,” more or less, said Benjamin Franklin.
Carthage, challenged by Rome in the First Punic War (264–241 b.c.), lost most of her neglected holdings in Spain through Iberian attacks.
On the other hand, one would hate to lose the information that might be contained in past years’ selling patterns.
Following the “Act of Union” with England in 1707, the castle lost its strategic importance but later, in Victorian times, experienced a rebirth.
In the late 1960s Chicanos starting calling the southwestern United States, or that portion of Mexico lost to the United States during the U.S.-Mexican War of 1846–1848, Aztlán, in reference to the legend of the wandering Mexica.
By the 17th century, Évora had lost influence and development came to a halt, preserving the city’s distinctive 16th-century palácios for posterity.
When legal cultures lose sight of their natural end of bringing a reign of justice and harmony to human affairs, they decline into corruption and the arbitrariness of power.
Next door, the House of Neptune has lost its upstairs façade, but the ground floor wine shop with its narrow-necked amphoras on the shelves looks open for business.
The new Confederation Bridge connects Prince Edward Island (at Borden-Carleton) with Cape Tormentine in New Brunswick, raising fears that the island will lose its distinct character.
Following this debacle, the Ottomans then allied themselves to Germany in the World War I, losing more territory with the defeat of the Germans in that war.
This genuine thoughtfulness also extends to visitors; someone will always go out of their way to be helpful, in ways that have been lost in more developed locations.
Conservation areas such as Rio Lagartos, in the north, give hope for the future, but conservationists lost one recent battle, when they were powerless to prevent the International Pier at Puerto Maya on Cozumel from being built directly on top of North Paradise Reef.
By now the truth is surely lost in the myths and mists of time.
Outnumbered and deserted by their French allies, the Hungarians ﬁnally lost the war in 1711.
The art of papyrus-making was lost in Egypt until the 1970s when it was reintroduced using native plants.
After the Boers lost the war, many of the prisoners chose to remain in Bermuda rather than accept a British South Africa.
He judged the Creoles honest but lazy and illeducated, their town ugly and filthy — though his horror at the city’s sanitation was understandable; he would lose two wives to yellow fever in New Orleans.
Poland lost a significant amount of territory after new borders were drawn up in the Yalta Agreement in 1945, including the eastern regions around Wilno (Vilnius) and Lwów (Lvov).
This spin-and-win (or more often lose) game looks strangely like the prize games offered in carnivals of old.
Carthage, challenged by Rome in the First Punic War (264–241 b.c.), lost most of its Spanish possessions to Iberian attacks.
Like so much of Boston, the South End began as a landfill project, but it soon lost out in desirability to Back Bay.
Then, after Alexander’s death in 323 b.c. , Cleomenes took control of the country under the name Ptolemy I. The new city of Alexandria, located on the Mediterranean coast, became the base for the Ptolemaic control of Egypt and the cultural capital of Europe, and Thebes finally lost its influence.
With the new openness of the post-Franco era it has lost much of its seedy interest, but it’s still not the best place for a midnight stroll.
Unfortunately all this was lost in a series of earthquakes in the early centuries of the first millennium and Ancient Alexandria now rests below the waters of today’s harbor.
Under Tory government, the country supported Britain with 500,000 men in World War I, losing over 60,000 on the battlefield.
An Edokko craftsman would rather lose a commission than take any guff from a customer who doesn’t know good work when he sees it.
Fado’s origins are unclear; it may have developed as a form of mourning for men lost at sea or it may be a relic of the days of slavery — a kind of Iberian blues.
The avenue lost almost all the Jugendstil architecture of its Wilhelminian heyday during World War II, but a vestige can be seen in the elegant Café Möhring just across the road.
With the death of Kublai Khan (in 1294, at age 80), the Mongols started to lose their grip on China.
If you don’t want to “max” your credit card, don’t worry  — Hydra has not yet lost its charm that is free-of-charge.
Most of the miles of walls that protected each of the four cities have been lost to “progress,” but the innermost, Forbidden City, still glitters behind its original fortifications.
The walls of the first were once encrusted with inset porcelain plates, but many have been broken or lost.
His son Shahjahan lost his taste for Agra after finishing the Taj Mahal for his wife Mumtaz-Mahal after she had died.
In the aftermath of the revolts, the Sorbonne was absorbed into the huge Paris Universities monolith and lost its independence.
Further north is Monnickendam, once a large fishing port on the Zuider Zee which lost its raison d’être when the Afsluitdijk was completed in 1932.
Although many Scottish nobles were dedicated to the cause of independence, others either bore grudges against the ruling king or held lands in England that they feared to lose.
Although he lost his hold on power shortly after José’s death in 1777, many of his reforms survived, laying the foundation for the modern Portuguese state.
However, modern production methods, including thin artificial canvas and gaudy synthetic colors, saw them <b>lose</b> favor.
2200 b.c. ). The two major relics are a monumental statue of Ramses II lying prostrate after losing its feet, and an alabaster sphinx dating from 1400 b.c.
Once the epitome of chic, Ginza has lost many of its smartest young shoppers to the fashion boutiques of districts like Aoyama and Omote-sando, but the area is still fascinating.
The concrete Causeway was built as a temporary substitute for the bridge lost after a hurricane in the early part of the 20th century, but it has never been replaced.
But he was already losing the battle of his lifetime — for China.
Even if it has since lost its traditional hold in the mountain villages, it is still acclaimed among the literati of Réthymnon.
But much of this territory was lost by the next king, Alfonso’s son Peter the Catholic, who picked the <b>losing</b> side in the French crusade against the heretics of Albi.
The ground floor is devoted to sculpture, including many Roman copies of classics from Greece’s Golden Age in the fifth century b.c. , which are our only access to these lost masterpieces.
Built in approximately 1140 in a spare, unornamented style that combines Frankish Romanesque with local traditions, the church was turned into an Islamic seminary after 1187, when the Crusaders lost Jerusalem.
Among the losing candidates was Filippo Brunelleschi, who thereafter devoted himself entirely to architecture.
Expanding at a purposeful but more leisurely pace than other leading Canadian cities, Vancouver has never lost sight of the importance of enjoying life at the same time.
It’s believed that both the 14th-century gilded orb and the 16th-century sword are replacements of the original regalia that was lost.
Give yourself a bare minimum of three days, time to get lost (you’re never very far from the main landmarks signposted with bright yellow arrows).
There they would be able to worship an ivory-and- gold-covered wooden statue of Athena said to be 12 m (39 ft) high which has long since been lost.
The war lasted three years; perhaps one million Spaniards lost their lives.
Now it has lost its distinctively German character to become a cosmopolitan restaurant row offering Vietnamese, Japanese, Scandinavian, Italian, and French cuisine.
The general massacre of Protestants spread to the countryside, and by October another 30,000 had lost their lives.
He was defeated at the famous Battle of Marathon in 490 b.c. , and ten years later his son Xerxes lost the Persian fleet at the Battle of Salamis.
(If the aqueduct were above ground, the water would almost all be lost through evaporation.)
Here there are paved paths, protective railings, and a few painted signs, but it is indeed possible to lose one’s way inside this massive labyrinth.
The papacy in Rome had lost prestige with the dissolution of the Jesuits and the crippling loss of revenue from the Hapsburg Church reforms.
But Fuengirola has assimilated this without losing its Spanish character.
The event led Miranda to lose its bishop, who decamped to the safety of Bragança.
When Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev decided to stop the hemorrhage, the country was losing millions of marks invested in the training of doctors, engineers, and other highly skilled workers seeking better wages in the West.
The patron saint of lost items, it is covered with photos, flowers, and notes of petition left by the streams of pilgrims who come from all corners of the world.
Poland was transformed into a client state of the Russians, and then lost much of its western territory to the Prussians during the Silesian Wars that ended in 1763.
Xerxes suffered a further humiliating defeat in 479 b.c. , when his army was beaten at Plataea on the same day that his fleet lost to the Greeks at Mycale.
Here he still has the astrolabe that he lost on his explorations.
It lost its empire in America and the Pacific, and then in 1923 suffered a humiliating defeat in Morocco at the hands of local rebels.
An industrial city, Santiago was hit especially hard when Cuba lost its Soviet support and Eastern bloc trade partners during the Special Period.
It’s a melancholy sight that recalls Hungary’s claim on that part of the land north of the river, lost in the punitive 1920 Treaty of Trianon.
For the bewildered, there are free booklets explaining how best to lose your money at the various tables, and free blackjack lessons in the afternoons.
The safest rule for amateurs is to decide in advance how much you can afford to lose (which you probably will) and stick rigidly to it.
For a time, therefore, the affairs of Muslim Spain were administered from the Almoravid headquarters in Granada, until they lost their grip on the peninsula, softened by their life of ease in Andalucía.
Lacking an airport, losing the status of capital, and denied any substantial cash flow from tourism, Singaraja hasn’t expanded as much as Denpasar.
A pre-planned itinerary is not essential here — you’ll probably be drawn by a pretty-looking balcony, turn down an alleyway to watch kittens playing, then a boutique will catch your eye until eventually you’ve lost your bearings.
, losing) side.
There followed the Balkan Wars, in which Turkey lost western Thrace and Macedonia, then World War I, into which Turkey entered on Germany’s side.
The morale-boosting exercise lost money, but the rest of the United States had started to hear about the industrious but amusing city on the Mississippi as a place worth visiting.
One of many art works lost in World War II, it was finally recovered from Tegel Lake in 1949, where it had sunk with the barge that was taking it to safety.
According to official Washington estimates, US businesses lost $8 billion as a result of Cuba’s state appropriations and seizing of assets.
If both the dealer’s hands win, you <b>lose</b>.
He lost his right eye — from smallpox, not in battle — and was nicknamed Dokugan-ryu (“One-Eyed Dragon”).
The town is small, so it is difficult to lose your way.
During the subsequent Ten Years’ War (1868–78) 50,000 Cubans — including Céspedes — and more than 200,000 Spanish lost their lives.
You will notice there are no clocks or windows in the casinos — the management wants you to <b>lose</b> track of time.
Don’t even lean against a busy craps table unless you know what you’re doing and have plenty of money to lose.
However, modern production methods, including thin artificial canvas and gaudy synthetic colors, saw them <b>lose</b> favor.
The first man to hit the ground with a part of the body other than the feet loses the contest.
If you’re feeling up to it, push on along the Mist Trail, past Emerald Pool, to Nevada Fall, and you’ll begin to lose the crowds.
). This sudden change brought chaos to Egypt and she lost international influence, but Akhenaten’s successor — his son, the young Tutankhamun — brought power back to Thebes and reinvested the priests of Amon Ra and his fellow gods with religious supremacy.
Many are still here for a bit of fun and titillation, and to lose a few bucks at roulette or blackjack, but Las Vegas now touts itself as a family destination.
In Rome, the dissolute popes repeatedly switched factions for temporary advantage and lost all political and moral authority in the process.
Local lore tells how one such ship, upon returning from its travels to China, lost hundreds of rolls of silk.
The Sorbonne has since been integrated into the larger Paris university system and lost its independence.
Many holiday visitors lose their way, some of them on purpose: the eerie Jukai is a perennial favorite with would-be suicides, and every year the local authorities conduct a sweep of the forest to recover the bodies that would otherwise never be discovered.
The election marks the first time the Peronist Party has lost power by popular mandate (as opposed to a coup).
The poorest recipients could actually suffer from the windfall by losing their benefits under Medicaid, food-stamp and other programs.
I keep losing at their damn casinos.
Black college students and adults increased significantly on an overall mental health factor and showed a greater reduction in self-reported anxiety and neuroticism after one year of TM practice [ 24 ] . Although findings have not been entirely consistent [ 25 ] , improved academic performance has been reported in high school students practicing TM [ 26 ] , and in African American college students practicing a simple meditation process [ 27 ] . In a medium-sized chemical manufacturing company, with employees practicing TM over a six-year period, days lost through illness or injury decreased by 50 per cent and absenteeism declined by 89 per cent [ 28 ] . These findings suggest that examination of the effects of TM on improving school-related behaviors in youth is warranted.
The CAF has hired Stan Greenberg, one of the "liberal" consultants who helped elect Clinton in 1992 and then got the boot after the Democrats lost big in 1994.
When defined benefit pension plans lose money the plan sponsor, typically the employer, will ultimately bear the cost of the loss.
Iwasaki's merger with the smaller, 48-year-old Long Beach program was friendly and fast, and no one - not even Long Beach board members - lost a job.
Either the author lost his way or, as often happens, the (original, probably Australian) publisher was dissatisfied with a shorter book for which less could be charged.
The kidney-recovered mutant not only recovered fibrinogen binding potential, that was lost when the sagA/pel gene was inactivated, but also the level of fibrinogen-binding exceeded that of the wild type isolate (Fig.
Had they both lost a parent recently?
Statewide, Legal Aid will lose about $800,000 in federal funds - a cut of about 13 percent from the $6 million it got this year from the federal Legal Services Corp., which provides most of the money for Legal Aid.
(Marty Peretz, meanwhile, is seeing his own joke come almost precisely true as co-owner of TheStreet.com, which is losing $16 million a year and is going public at a price that would value the whole company at $300 million.)

A mailman stops me in the street--I'm not making this up--to expound his own deduction from Philip Roth's tale of family calamity, to wit, that without a clear sense of God, modern Americans are doomed to lose their bearings and society will go to hell.
For example, black women averaged 6.3 YOL, but only 4.2 YHL of a maximum possible 7. We calculated some additional descriptive statistics, shown in the final two lines: years of unhealthy life (YOL minus YHL) and years lost to death (7 minus YOL).
That 1972 photo has lost none of its dark horror over the years.
One of 312 control chromosomes was found to have lost the Pvu II site, and the heterozygous presence of the C598T mutation was confirmed by DNA sequencing of the PCR product.
But like many entrepreneurs, he was not prepared to manage such a large enterprise, and in 1988, after attempts at restructuring, the company lost $2.
They tell us what to see, where to start, and-this is very important-what to do in case we lose a wallet or rupture an appendix.
This can clarify the phenotype, because any random variation present within various time segments of individual records is lost when such records are averaged.
There will always be a small percentage who cannot govern their own lives and who abuse freedom, but that shouldn't mean that we all have to pay the price by losing our constitutional rights.
There was no conscious decision to stop the operation after the trail was temporarily lost in Bangkok.
Of course, a dollar of government revenue lost to an investment tax credit is a dollar <b>added</b> to the national debt as surely as a dollar spent on food stamps.
Concomitant with this development of asymmetrical structure, the AAA1 protomer of the dynein motor unit evolved a functional dominance, in which it alone retains the full ability for binding and hydrolysis of ATP, while AAA2, AAA3 and AAA4 have lost the capability for hydrolysis and the most degenerate protomers AAA5 and AAA6 show no significant binding of ATP [ 20 21 22 ] . In midasin, the specialization of AAA protomers appears to have taken a less drastic course than in dynein.
These are men and women who have lost homes, hopes, wives, husbands, children, illusions.
You have been an important and upstanding publication, and I would hate to lose you now.
Poorest Policyholders could lose Medicaid, other Benefits
But following menopause, the British women end up losing more bone than the Japanese.
They lose or come uncomfortably close to <b>losing</b> if they don't."
The men who survived the war are disillusioned, and the Islamic revolution has lost much of its fire.
A discussion of this concern between the manager at Indianapolis and the Command Center in Herndon prompted it to notify some FAA field facilities that American 77 was lost.
Certain "eligible individuals" who lose group health insurance coverage are assured availability of coverage in the individual market, on a guaranteed issue basis, without preexisting condition exclusions.
Then the task was to help children who lost parents in the Civil War.
The western door of the pair is open; the eastern door was bricked up after the Crusaders lost Jerusalem in 1187 and has remained shut ever since.
The boxes will be marked with the names of Cassie, Corey, Rachel, Isaiah, Kelly, Kyle, and the other students of Columbine High School who lost their lives earlier this year.
Robert Redford's annual independent-film festival continues to lose its luster.
With the 1919 Treaty of Versailles, France recovered Alsace and Lorraine; but 1,350,000 men had been lost in the four years of fighting.
The power (variance) in the signal and the mean will be the same, but the original order of the time series will be completely lost.
The missing parts of these operons ( rrfH, rrlH, and rrsD ) were lost in deletions within syntenic fragments.
Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge?
When one side of a flint used in a flintlock weapon had worn away, it lost proper contact with the frizzen and caused inadequate sparking to set off the powder charge.
Our study participants said that their organizations rarely experienced a violation of trust because members did not want to jeopardize their ability to participate and, thus, lose the benefits of membership.
The story notes two overriding factors behind the trend: 1) Corporations are slashing their suppliers down to a handful of giants, which would, under the present rules, automatically exclude virtually all minority-controlled companies; and 2) the clout of minority consumers has grown and therefore companies want to be able to undertake 1) without losing the chance to establish a minority-friendly track record.
Prudie wishes to suggest that you are not playing your history false by not informing people of the two children you lost.
The Linux that came with Mastering Linux was never going to communicate with my CD-ROM drive, and I began to lose all enthusiasm for the project.
Kaufman began to lose fans in part because of the obsessive wrestling.
He doubted that the benefits would compensate for the time lost.
, Excite, Lycos, EarthLink, MindSpring: All lost between 10 percent and 15 percent of their value in just a few hours.
The moment she is laid on her back, Tallulah loses her love for me and becomes as impatient as a race-car driver waiting for the tires to be changed.
If politicians took to telling the truth, journalists would lose their role as interpreters.
This assumes 35 years of life lost is the base value associated with the mean VSL value of $3.
Of course, the company did lose 72 cents a share, which might make a typical investor hesitant to back up the truck.
Spencer came late to sexual maturity, and he tried, after his marriage to the painter Hilda Carline in 1925, to make up for lost time.
In order to value the expected life years lost for COPD and non-COPD deaths, we need to construct estimates of the value of a statistical life year.
He should at least lose a hand.
An essay claims, regretfully, that we lose our taste for new music, food, and fashion by age 35.
--the paper doesn't say) and give the pilots 10 seconds to affix oxygen masks before losing consciousness from hypoxia.
Place, pensive, wails his fall whose presence was her pride;Time crieth out, My ebb is come; his life was my spring tide.Fame mourns in that she lost the ground of her reports;Each living wight laments his lack, and all in sundry sorts.
Apparently, Lester doesn't realize that snipped roses are garden-variety symbols of castration, or he'd know what he has lost.
Having lost my twenty-year-old Timex down a hotel drain, I found myself shopping for a watch a few months ago.
This would complete the return and vindication of the company's prodigal son, who had lost a long-ago power struggle with former Apple CEO John Sculley.
All three are correct and earn a point each, though Gigot loses half a point for scoring on a bunt.
Did he win or <b>lose</b> each?
The Learjet carrying him and five others lost contact with air-traffic controllers shortly after takeoff from Orlando, Fla.
No matter how carefully Starr's sympathizers explained the distinction between the two cases--and even the superior gravity of the criminal case over the civil case--journalists fell back on the Clintonite spin that, as Tom Brokaw put it, Starr's probe "grew out of the Paula Jones case" and had therefore lost its viability.
Because large states were more powerful, they also had more to lose.
But they were even more dubious strategically, since the rail-freight business was booming nationally, and losing Southern Pacific managers and engineers meant that UP now had thousands of miles of new track and very few workers who had any experience with it.
As bile acids are lost, increased absorption by a greater number of transporters, in combination with increased hepatic bile acid synthesis from cholesterol, helps restore normal bile acid levels.
my company will be sending our representative to Asia to purchase this chemical and i don't want them to go directly to the agent because of the price which i have quoted to them for this will cause a conflict of interest and i stand the risk of losing my job that is the more reason i need a middle person in this transaction(the person am supposed to use as middle man is not buoyant).
Even the most self-assured woman anticipates this very natural occurrence with dread, conjuring up visions of decline and even associating it with losing their looks – or worse, possibly even their husbands!
My wife, Shelly Pierce, has worked for Enron for the past two years and like many of your employees, has lost a great deal of her life savings.
I lost my investment discipline and held out the false hope that Enron could not falter.
I never lost faith in the end of the story," Stockdale said when I asked him.
You must never confuse faith that you will prevail in the end - which you can never afford to lose - with the need for discipline to confront the most brutal facts of your current reality, whatever they might be.
Fannie Mae, for example found itself in the 1982 recession losing $1M every business day, with $56B in loans under water.
The android’s face was lost as I was suddenly plunged into darkness.
I lost my diamond earring that I got for my birthday...
Nice to see you haven’t lost your wonderful sense of humor,” she said, “but stop trying to change the subject.
No, I couldn't lose control.
I lost the station,"?
You win some, you lose some.
She knew plenty now, but that didn’t stop the pain of losing a best friend.
After promising to spend the rest of the day praying to the Patron Saint of Lost Things you optimistically remind her that at least she has one earring left.
I’m sorry, Fame, but I can’t lose you.
Older adults are frequently counseled to lose weight, even though there is little evidence that overweight is associated with increased mortality in those over age 65.
Black men were most likely to have unintentionally lost more than 10 pounds in the past year; white women were least likely.
For example, black women averaged 6.3 YOL, but only 4.2 YHL of a maximum possible 7. We calculated some additional descriptive statistics, shown in the final two lines: years of unhealthy life (YOL minus YHL) and years lost to death (7 minus YOL).
White women had the most YHL and black men the fewest; black women had the most years of unhealthy life, and white men the fewest; black men lost the most years to death (1.
3 out of 7) while white women lost only 0.4 years.
Among males, there were significant differences between black and white for BMI, unintended weight loss, YOL, YHL, years of unhealthy life, and years lost to death.
Among females, blacks and whites differed significantly on BMI, BMI>30, weight loss since age 50, YOL, YHL, years of unhealthy life, and years lost to death.
With fine hotels and fashionable boutiques, Courmayeur’s lost innocence is easily captured in Entrèves, its quiet, little-sister neighbor 3 km (2 miles) to the north.
The lost metaphor in canard is a duck, from a French expression vendre un canard á moitié `to half-sell a duck.
At about the same time that Mike lost Patricia, he also <b>lost</b> his job as head of TriStar Pictures.
Alex Ross' "Island of Lost Auteurs" suffers from deficiencies that his just verdict on the latest film cannot alleviate.
Riley claims that all those unfilled jobs represent lost wages and profits.
Schroen believes today that this was a lost opportunity to kill Bin Ladin before 9/11.
Fundamentally, the McChesney brigade worries more about AOL Time Warner's pulling journalistic punches than about any lost "independence."
Although the islands saw little action, as the war went on they could see that Athens was slowly losing its power.
Uh, then the Depression came and apparently everyone lost all their money.
No wonder — we've lost them already.
A reasonable alternative to taxing Internet commerce would be for all 50 states to eliminate sales taxes altogether and make up the lost revenue with increased or new state income taxes.
It is a sealed well that doesn't lose a drop, to use an old expression.
If I lose, then it's a reflection on the whole family."
Its stock market has lost more than half its value this year, including a 10 percent drop Monday before rallying Tuesday.
Born on a Normandy farm, the only child of a cattle breeder, Léger never lost a palpable nostalgia for the countryside, reminders of which appear in some of his most urban paintings--such as the incongruous tree branches on the elevated platform in Construction Workers of 1950.
Still, I can't dislike a picture in which, when all seems lost, the hero turns to the Mission Control camera and says, "Prepare the world for bad news."
He could have smacked youfor running out of gas, at midnight,in December, at a middle-of-nowhere place,coasting a few sorry yards toward home on the shoulderas a passing eighteen-wheeler's Hawaiian-sized wave of airwhomped the side of the car like a two-story pillow.As we sat there immobile--the four of us (including him),as if waiting for the show to begin at a surreal drive-in--he wanted to reach into the front seatand bonk your heads togetherthe way the leader of the Three Stooges didwhen the other two did something stupid.What had been road was now a cold placewithout a house light in sight in the rural South.What had been a passionate highway talkabout the culture's indifference to the artist's workwould have been silence except for himgiggling at us, at how danger dissolves discontentand flashes before us a life lost to pettiness,which we soon start to <b>lose</b> again."
Blair insisted on finding out why they really lost, and in this way arrived at a victorious campaign."
This defensive maneuver quashed one dangerous story line--"Why are all the Republicans losing?"
As a result, U.S. shirt manufacturers lost enormous market share to offshore producers.
We hope you had an opportunity to read about Robert and his time at the Club before the letter became <b>lost</b> in the numerous pieces of mail one receives over the holidays.
Without rapid improvements a few subjects lost motivation and adhered less to the diet, while others saw positive results within a couple of weeks, thus encouraging them to continue faithfully.
Yet by the beginning of the tenth century, the Tang rulers had lost their grip on the country.
The museum's defenders argued that there's nothing to lose in trying.
This approach has benefits on three fronts: the retailer avoids a lost sale and its associated margin; a potentially dissatisfied customer is delighted by the store’s additional service and free product; and last, but certainly not least, for a very small fee—the wholesale cost of the product and shipping fees—Nordstrom gains critical information about consumer demand.
Although all other variables lost their statistical significance, associations for age, TNM stage, tumor size, and tumor grade remained similar in magnitude as in the univariate models.
The themes found in rembetiko are those closest to the hearts of the common man: lost love, poverty, social division, and discrimination.
Instead, they keep playing until they've lost everything.
We cannot afford to lose your valuable financial support and hope you might consider an increase in your personal or corporate gift for 1991.
Nor­­thern conquests, including Hungary, had been lost by the close of the 17th century.
Thanks in part to his "wandering eye and wickie-wickie ways," he has lost his wife, Jessie (Farrah Fawcett), and two children (he calls them his "beauties") to Horace (Todd Allen), a gentle, callow minister who seems to be, in every way, Sonny's opposite.
But if one did not consider the shift in retailing practices that is also recasting the apparel industry—and turned some American companies into unexpected leaders—it might indeed look like “Made in the U.S.A.” was a lost cause.
The tribes of Israel were then scattered to roam the world as the Ten Lost Tribes.
By 1978, Radio City had lost its glamour, and the owners of Rockefeller Center decided to demolish the aging hall.
Guides report he was even uglier in real life; two court artists are said to have lost their heads for an excess of realism in their portraits.
In this case, the cost of oversupply comes to $80 = $200 – $120 because the retailer loses that much on every leftover dress.
Like the city in general, it has seen better days and is losing younger tourist trade to the smarter modern resorts in the south.
Now, Tomasina is lost as an entire organism acting in an environment.
Swimming: You must be careful if swimming along the Mediterranean coast, as many lives are lost here each year to the vicious undertows.
Absence of an item often translates into a lost sale and reduced revenues and profits.
Three types of costs were particularly high under the old model: forced markdowns to clear out unsold goods; lost sales from stock-outs; and the costs asso-ciated with holding inventory.
You can then follow the traces of the paved road leading from the city to the ancient harbor, now lost beneath the waves.
In eect, if some of the phase information, the core of constructive and destructive interference, has been lost in the maze of interactions of the quantum system with its environment, then that phase information cannot come to be reassembled to give rise to quantum interference.
The area around the south end of Columbus Avenue was once known as the Barbary Coast, a seedy and boisterous waterfront district, with sailors on shore leave haunting the bars and brothels, while their captains shanghaied drunken civilians to make up lost crew.
In our approach, we assumed that an unfilled order was a lost sale with a <b>lost</b> profit.
The magnitude of such lost sales for retailers can be significant.
1540–1100 b.c. ). By the time the Romans arrived it was already in decline, having lost influence when Assyrian raiders seized control in the seventh century b.c. and the Ptolemaic leaders made their base at Alexandria in the fourth century b.c.
Normally capped with clouds it catches from the passing sea breezes, and sometimes entirely lost in a blanket of gray storm-clouds, the 3,496-ft (1,088-m) peak stands at the center of the Caribbean National Forest, an area of virgin rain forest preserved since 1876, when the island was still a Spanish colony.
You’ll find small stalls and shops in the alleys of Hamilton and on the roadside as you travel around the island where you can lose yourself for hours searching for that little piece of the past to take home with you.
The musical poetics arouse emotional sentiments about lost loves, nostalgia, and by extension about being Mexican.
The price may look a little steep, until you realize that all the brightly decorated rooms are suites large enough to get lost in, with unheard-of kitchenettes and comfortable salons for the price of a standard three- or four-star room.
It reflects a politics of mutual responsibility in a single nation, a concern for those who could easily get lost in the rough and tumble of capitalist America.
In the first few days jet-lag, acclimatization, and culture shock may lead you to lose your temper when you see the airports, railways, and hotels not organized in a way you’re used to, but don’t forget — John Kenneth Galbraith called it a functioning anarchy.
Although the islands saw little action, as the war went on they could see that Athens was slowly losing its power.
In California, the client's rights to representation would be lost in certain administrative proceedings.
A little checking might persuade you that these buildings were by no means the norm in the long lost Golden Age of public construction.
Travisano and Lenski [ 22 23 ] demonstrated that 2,000 generations of evolution was sufficient for these populations to lose fitness when grown on alternative sugars, and the reductions in maximum growth rate at extreme temperatures suggest a trend towards specialization in thermal niche [ 28 ] . Together, these investigations of the correlated responses to adaptation to a specific environment demonstrate the mismatch between the arbitrary scales that we use to measure performance and real biological alternatives.
"Win if you can, lose if you must, but always, always _____."
Only 28 patients are evaluable for induction response since 1 patient was lost to follow-up shortly after receiving induction therapy (no evidence of persisting leukemia by the post-induction bone marrow biopsy).
Gore wants to make him talk about three losing issues: Reaganomics (which hurts Bradley among Democrats because he voted for Reagan's 1981 budget cuts), vouchers (Bradley's past support of pilot voucher programs offends powerful teachers' unions and Democratic voters who think vouchers threaten public schools), and ethanol (Bradley's past opposition to ethanol subsidies irks Iowans, who count on these subsidies to prop up farmers).
Considering only spacers within syntenic fragments, spacer length does not increase further when the number of genes lost is greater than one (Figure 8).
But what we stand to lose is ephemeral.
However, once the intron containing allele is fixed in the population, the endonuclease, which itself had been the reason for the rapid spread of the intron in the population, is no longer under selection, the endonuclease becomes non-functional and is lost, resulting in an intron without homing endonuclease activity.
Second, with each of those lost sales, it <b>loses</b> a potential user of Internet Explorer.
Many genes were lost singly, implying insufficient selection for conservation of individual genes.
At the Golden Globe Awards, in pixel-perfect color viewed from Barcaloungers around the world, we all gasped in horror when Miss Redgrave (the one now embroiled in an almost Kentuckian divorce drama) <b>lost</b> an earring.
Under the restrictive definition of the USO, however, it is possible for the incumbent post to be more efficient than the entrant and still lose profits because the incumbent must charge a uniform price.
But the Margulies character is a "composite of at least six women [that Andy dated]," says journalist Bill Zehme, author of Lost in the Funhouse: The Life and Mind of Andy Kaufman . In the film, the two <b>meet</b> when he wrestles her on Merv Griffin --they actually <b>met</b> during a film shoot.
Movie -- Lost Highway ;
For example, they are more likely to take on eviction cases or domestic-violence cases if there are children involved and foreclosure cases when an elderly person has been the victim of fraud and risks losing a home.
15 in 1996) had little effect: No jobs were lost, and the poverty rate remained unchanged.
However, improved understanding about cohort mortality effects and life-years lost within epidemiological studies would greatly inform valuation, with a significant portion of the remaining uncertainty related to a value judgment about whether health outcomes should be valued on a life-year <b>lost</b> or willingness to pay basis.
Izvestia said the West was losing its <b>image</b> as a "wise, democratic, and civilized collective force ...
Twenty-one patients were lost to follow-up following an initial hypnosis session.
"It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything," he says.
The N-terminal end of this exon is bounded by an intron whose position is absolutely conserved among all Runx genes except DmRunt and AgRunt (which have apparently lost the intron), while the C-terminal end is bounded by an intron that is conserved among all deuterostome species in our collection, and shifted but a few nucleotides downstream in the insect genes and upstream in the C. elegans gene.
According to D'Adamo, eat the right foods for your type and your immune system will be strengthened and you'll lose weight.
At 9:00, American Airlines Executive Vice President Gerard Arpey learned that communications had been lost with American 77.
Movie -- The Lost World ;
Analysis of mean YOL instead of the more traditional survival analysis survival analysis was appropriate here, since virtually no persons were lost to follow-up.
A piece asks if Saddam Hussein is finally losing his marbles--or at least his judgment.
The SEM observation before and after preparation for fluorescence microscopy (washing and incubation with probes) indicated that microextensions were lost during these steps of the procedure.
Yet Bush remains clueless about many national issues and, on others, he knows he can only lose votes by being pinned down.
This means that the data analyzed and reported on is often lower than the entry sample size due to all causes, such as dropouts, lost or incorrectly filled out forms, etc.
"The people that are going to win will always be somewhat uncertain of their gain, whereas the people who will <b>lose</b> are absolutely sure of what they are going to <b>lose</b>," says Clinton.
A gene flanked by required loci is less likely to be lost in an early large deletion than a gene flanked by nonessential loci.
For one thing, a cliché can be defined as an imaginative expression which through repetition has lost its imaginativeness.
