Such models may include the "waterfall" model, rapid prototyping, or evolutionary development.
Finally, the application of the rapid test in the programme will be determined by cost effective analysis.
During early porcine development a rapid morphological transformation of the conceptus from a spherical (9-10 mm) to filamentous (> 150 mm) morphology is required to establish adequate placenta to uterine contact necessary for survival [ 2 ] . Characterization of the specific subset of genes regulating peri-implantation conceptus development and trophoblastic elongation in the pig provides valuable information concerning key developmental events essential to embryonic survival after trophoblastic elongation [ 1 ] .
Furthermore, many of the RNAs with unstable mRNAs lacked the ARE consensus motif, suggesting that other cis -elements may be responsible for their rapid degradation.
In this brand-new digital economy we're supposedly inhabiting, competitive advantage can be eroded in an instant, and large companies with lots of fixed assets are doomed to being overrun by quick-moving startups who can adapt better to a world of rapid technological innovation.
The kinetics of the specific rolling circle reaction were sufficiently rapid so that non-specific amplification was greatly reduced or eliminated.
This led to the association of rapid acceleration with “gunning,” and to give it the gun was soon extended to automobiles, speedboats, and objects and matters nonmechanical.
Exogenous bovine testicular hyaluronidase PH-20 stimulates rapid activation of c-Jun N -terminal kinases (JNK1 and JNK2) in L929 cells [ 16 ] . In contrast, the stably expressed Hyal-1 and Hyal-2 could not mediate constitutive activation of JNK1 and JNK2 in L929 cells (data not shown).
ifkA null cells aggregated earlier than normal due to a more rapid establishment of the cAMP pulsing system.
A more rapid cellular accumulation of gamma-tocopherol (compared to alpha-tocopherol) would also have major physiological consequences.
With the advent of a standardized court vernacular, a cadre of scribes trained to use it, a kingdomwide reliance on the legal and other documents the scribes produced, and the military might to back up such reliance--under these circumstances, the spread of the king's English and the king's French was rapid.
Thus, the rapid degradation of these mRNAs allows their levels to rapidly drop when transcriptional activation is terminated.
Information for action or for long-term planning was available because mandatory reporting to the SES within 12-24 hours of diagnosis for most conditions under surveillance allowed rapid implementation of control and prevention measures.
The number of federal grantsinaid rose sharply and the rapid growth in federally assisted programs placed enormous administrative control burdens on government at all levels.
But in Tokyo, Asahi Shimbun dwelt on the human cost of this, reporting a rapid rise in the number of Japanese businessmen diagnosed as psychotic depressives.
The above findings that FR plants with the greater plant water uptake have significantly lower foliage water content than FS plants could reflect more rapid loss of foliage water by FR plants, or limiting soil water available to FR due to its <b>rapid</b> rate of plant water uptake.
A system developed through rapid prototyping, for example, should be evaluated with a model that takes prototyping into account.
The RAPD technique [ 9 10 ] , provides a convenient and rapid assessment of the differences in the genetic composition of the related individuals and has been employed in a large number of plants for the determination and assessment of genetic diversity.
In Europe people had time to contemplate the area before settling on an appropriate name; in the United States, where settlement was more rapid, names often had to be chosen without delay.
Here, we examine the induction of MAdCAM-1 by TNF-α, and evaluated whether endogenous nitric oxide (from eNOS and iNOS), or exogenous NO (from rapid or slow-releasing NO donors) affect the expression of MadCAM-1.
Seedlings are undergoing dramatic and rapid vacuole biogenesis to allow for <b>rapid</b> growth at this stage of development and therefore would be expected to require a higher level of subunit A expression than other more terminally differentiated organs.
While there are "very high public expectations of rapid breakthroughs," it is clear that "all will not be easy and wonderful.
It has been suggested that rapid clearance of mononuclear cells after IL-2 administration is due to increased permeability of vascular endothelium [ 4], facilitating cell migration into extravascular spaces including tumor sites [ 3].
The present study showed a rapid decrease in exclusive breastfeeding rates in Bolivian infants during the first months of life.
Of the 13 patients who did not achieve CR, 1 received salvage chemotherapy, 2 received allogeneic BMT, and 10 died due to rapid disease progression.
As shown in Figure 3, the response of CaT1 mRNA to 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D is rapid (n = 6 studies).
Monuments to money!Money and immortality!Money and immortality and blistering heat!Twenty-nine floors below diminished figures scuttle!Descending twenty-nine floors rapid as a fibrillating heart you can join them!You are choking in bus exhaust the blackest in the U.S.A.!You are invisible amid the pedestrians of color!On Commerce!
Binding was terminated by rapid filtration onto a GF/B filters.
Using 5' rapid amplification of cDNA ends (RACE) from TMOD4 exon 2, we discovered that this exon was 93 bp in length and contained no consensus AG acceptor.
At present, knowledge of genes regulating rapid trophoblastic elongation in the pig is far from complete.
In all 11 cases showed positive reaction by rapid test for P. falciparum while blood smears were negative for malaria parasite.
Frequent use of TURP for benign prostatic hyperplasia in the 1970s and 1980s and the rapid introduction and widespread adoption of PSA screening beginning in the late 1980s, tapped an extensive pool of latent and preclinical prostate disease [ 40 41 ] . Consistent with another study, we found that in the mid 1980s up to 50% or more of all prostate cancer cases were incidentally detected through TURPs [ 41 ] . However, as medications with few side effects became available to treat benign prostatic hypterplasia and PSA screening became widely adopted, TURP-detected cases declined from their peak in 1987 through 1993 [ 41 ] . Our results showed a similar decline in the TURP-detected prostate cancer incidence rates, followed by a leveling off between 1994 and 1999, for both LDS and nonLDS cases in Utah.
First, each of these lines has adapted to growth in a serially diluted, or seasonal, environment of glucose-limited minimal media [ 19 20 21 22 ] . The dynamics of adaptation are well known: after a period of rapid adaptation during the first 1,000 generations, the rate of improvement has subsequently slowed to almost one-thirtieth of the initial rate [ 20 27 ] . Moreover, relatively few mutations generated this early, <b>rapid</b> adaptation [ 19 20 24 ] . Thus, these populations have experienced two types of dynamics: one of <b>rapid</b> adaptation followed by one of much slower improvement.
The United States has not experienced such a rapid surge in national security spending since the Korean War.
As an increasing number of suppliers are dancing to the demands of rapid replenishment, they are finding it a complex tune.
We have previously reported that some of the late induction of RIIβ by cAMP depends on the rapid cAMP-mediated increase in C/EBPβ expression [ 17 ] . To test the effect of different USF isoforms on C/EBPβ-mediated induction of the RIIβ promoter, we transfected combinations of the transcription factors (Fig.
This method was chosen to detect sequences with potential similarity to pXO2 because it is rapid and the reaction products can be readily sequenced.
By 1945, the population had grown to almost 20,000, with workers and airmen moving in at a rapid pace.
Because many factors contribute to the shortage of organs, early donor recognition, rapid and accurate declaration of brain death, physiological maintenance of potential organ donors, and coordination with the local organ procurement organization (OPO) are all important aspects of organ donor management [ 9].
Garments amenable to rapid replenishment principles have the most potential for U.S. production.
The cells were collected by rapid filtration onto glass fiber filters (type A/E, Gelman Sciences, Ann Arbor, MI) and washed via filtration with 10 ml of cold transport buffer.
The textile industry, in particular, has been characterized by rapid technological changes and automation; shifts to large-scale establishments; restructuring and consolidation of enterprises in spinning, weaving, and knitting; substantial capital investments in these activities and finishing operations; and a shift to products with expanding markets.
Although it has been suggested that rapid sexual maturation may have long-term consequences for the development of obesity among women [ 6 ] , our results indicate that it is more likely that childhood obesity influences both menarcheal age and adult obesity.
Phospho-p38 levels peaked at 5 min and showed an equally rapid decline in activity.
We showed that rapid stimulation of HUVEC with thrombin, PMA, TPA or AGT II or overnight stimulation with TNFα or LPS does not induce release of annexin V-binding membrane MP.
computer tomography scans or angiography studies), rapid transfer to the operating room, or transfer to the intensive care unit?
As a unifying view, we propose that Skp2-mediated control and Slimb-mediated control of E2F activities occur at different times during the cell cycle and that SCF Slmbis responsible for the rapid destruction of E2F in S phase.
To begin with, the adoption of bar codes came before rapid replenishment arrangements because retailers required a low-cost means of collecting information at the detailed product level for their own use—that is, they first developed an efficient method for scanning prices at the check-out register and tracking products for internal inventory purposes.
Identification and characterization of gene expression patterns during rapid trophoblastic elongation in the pig will provide a better understanding of the events required for successful implantation and embryonic survival.
For high-throughput genome sequencing projects, equally rapid high-throughput genome annotation is necessary, and bioinformaticists use a variety of computational methods to generate this annotation.
And as procedures to identify the bacteria responsible for symptomatic infections get better and more rapid, it soon may be quite easy to get this information from individual patients.
As Chapter 7 stressed, modular production need not be adopted for all assembly; it makes most sense for products that require rapid replenishment, where the capacity to engage in short-cycle production matters.
From the Department of Redundancy Department: yesterday's Today's Papers discussed a WP article about the rapid growth of the Clinton legal defense fund.
Incubation with anti-IgM induced a rapid increase and delayed reduction in Syk activity with kinetics similar to that of control clones.
Also, the figures exhibit the rapid change in unit delivery costs as either volume or density increase.
There are many retroelements and DNA transposons flanking maize genes, and they may contribute to the rapid divergence of transcriptional regulation [ 48].
Stress proteins have been shown to be expressed in non-stressed cells during development and differentiation [ 25 ] . Hsps were shown to be expressed during the differentiation of mammalian osteoblasts and promelocytic leukemia cells [ 26 ] . In addition, hsp expression has been shown to accompany growth arrest in human B lymphocytes [ 27 ] and macrophage differentiation of HL 60 cells [ 28 ] . During myogenic differentiation, mRNA for alphaB increases in conjunction with the induction of mRNA for myogenin, the earliest known event in myogenesis [ 29 ] . The addition of exogenous alpha-crystallin to primary bovine lens epithelium was shown to induce rapid changes in cell shape, leading to the formation of lentoid bodies [ 21 ] . These studies strongly suggest that the hsp family of proteins has other functions in addition to protecting proteins and cells during stress.
Note that the push toward rapid replenishment, reduction of lead times, and what has often been called “quick response” came predominately from retailers rather than from their apparel suppliers.
The rapid determination of microbial genomic sequences poses a challenge in gene annotation and assignment of transcriptional start sites.
.. ", together with paralytic, neurotoxic, diarrhetic and ciguatera fish poisoning (FDA website: http://vm.cfsan.fda.gov/~dms/haccp-2f.html) [ 14 ] . Recent behavioral toxicity studies in rodents, have confirmed that domoic acid is a very rapid and potent neurotoxin in newborn rats, at doses far lower than in adult animals [ 15 16 17 ] . Even though hippocampal pyramidal neurons and mossy fiber terminals appear to be selectively targeted in vivo by domoic acid in rat [ 18 ] and cynomolgus monkey brain [ 19 ] , recently domoic acid was shown to affect glutamate uptake by astrocytes in vitro and " ...thus produced neurotoxicity.
Brugia, Meloidogyne and Caenorhabditis represent three separate major nematode clades (III, IV and V, respectively) [ 53 ] . Possible explanations for the discrepancy in matches are that the Brugia clusters contain a large fraction of non-coding sequences (that is, 5' and 3' UTR, unspliced introns) or have undergone more rapid molecular evolution and diversification.
A prolonged re-examination of these slides who were positive by the rapid test, but apparently had negative slides, did not reveal the presence of P. falciparum asexual parasites.
Engagement of antigen receptors on lymphocytes leads to the rapid sequential activation of non-receptor tyrosine kinases, including well-studied members of the Src and the ZAP-70/Syk families [ 1, 2].
The huge repository of biological literature, which is still growing at a rapid pace, makes it increasingly difficult for any individual to monitor exhaustively the constituent items related to a specific biological process.
For example, Reilly reports that the integration effect of a series of rapid pulses, each 10 microsec in duration with a repetition rate of 50 kHz, reduces the activation threshold by a factor of 5 relative to a single 10 microsec pulse.
The rapid deterioration of TrpEa is, in fact, apparent from differences in TrpEa from various serovars of C. trachomatis [ 43].
--change so rapid that everything is unpredictable, that the rules themselves are constantly changing.
Nested RACE-PCR (rapid amplification of cDNA ends with PCR) on Marathon kidney cDNA (Clontech) with four different primer combinations (three within known exons and one within a GeneFinder-predicted exon 5' of exon 1) and appropriate nested adaptor primers produced smears and multiple bands over several attempts.
Indeed, a rapid search of the Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man database (OMIM [ 18]) for genes associated with the terms 'severe' and 'disorder' confirmed that mutations of GALC, LAMB3, GJB2, JAG1, TGFBI, LPL and LDLR were the origin of serious disorders: Krabbe disease, Herlitz junctional epidermolysis bullosa, autosomal dominant deafness - Vohwinkel syndrome, Alagille syndrome, corneal dystrophy, type I hyperlipoproteinemia and hypercholesterolemia, respectively.
The solution bathing the extracellular surface of the patch was changed using a RSC-200 rapid solution changer (Molecular Kinetics, Pullman, WA).
As previously reported, blebs form during the first phase of dye uptake, whereas rather dramatic bleb dilation is seen during the cytolysis phase of rapid dye uptake.
In adrenergic receptors, which have been characterized in detail, rapid endocytosis appears to be required for resensitization of receptors following agonist-induced phosphorylation ( 28).
However, a system to rapidly detect and report resistant organisms in individual patients should be in place to ensure a rapid response by caregivers.
His successor, a geology professor named Emil Constantinescu, promised rapid privatization and protection for an independent media.
Perhaps the most perplexing effect of IL-2 administration is a rapid (within 1 hour) and paradoxical clearance of monocytes and lymphocytes from the peripheral blood (Figure 1a).
Adjusting to the Post-Cold War Era The unexpected and rapid end of the Cold War in 1991 created trauma in the foreign policy and national security community both in and out of government.
Given the rapid rate of DNA loss for unconstrained sequences in Drosophila [ 48, 49], it is difficult to understand the mere existence of spacer intervals, as well as their conservation of length, without invoking some form of functional constraint acting on these sequences.
DOTMAC, on the other hand, caused rapid cessation of all cell activity.
Rapid expansion of retail space arose from a simple formula that had traditionally proven successful: Add more stores and revenue growth will follow.
Rapid and accurate methods are needed for the diagnosis of Plasmodium falciparum malaria [ 1 2 ] as malaria is estimated to kill between 1.4 and 2.6 million people each year [ 1 ] . WHO South East Asian regional office estimates 19500 deaths due to malaria in India annually [ 3 ] . P. falciparum infections in children may become life threatening making rapid diagnosis of extreme importance [ 4 ] . No clinical diagnostic criteria are both sensitive and specific for malaria, an undifferentiated febrile illness [ 5 ] which may result in the erroneous treatment of millions of non-malaria cases with antimalarial drugs in the absence of diagnostic malaria microscopy.
Cuff inflation and deflation was rapid (1-2 seconds) using a <b>rapid</b> inflation device (D.E.
All of the cells treated with vehicle alone (DMSO) before MTX exhibited the typical blebbing profile and nuclear staining indicative of rapid oncotic cell death.
This fact, together with our observation of preferential expression of Tnfrh1 mRNA in cells at the fetal-maternal boundary, highlights Tnfrh1 as a potential example of the rapid evolution of genes with functions specific to the placenta, a process postulated to be driven by conflict between fetal and maternal alleles.
This is true even though rapid depreciation and obsolescence characterize information technology.
“ Madrid de los As­tu­rias” is named for the Hapsburgs instrumental in the city’s rapid growth during the 1600s.
These difficulties led to a rapid conclusion that the information that can be best obtained from a cDNA microarray experiment is ratio information rather than absolute quantification.
The mutagens permit direct selection of clones in which cellular genes have been disrupted and simplify the characterisation of genes associated with recessive mutations [ 1 ] . Mutagenesis of embryo-derived stem (ES) cells, coupled with in vitro genetic screens, has been widely used to analyse gene functions in mice [ 1 ] . These have included screens for mutations in developmentally regulated genes [ 2 3 4 5 ] , in genes regulated by extracellular agonists [ 6 7 ] , and in genes encoding secreted and transmembrane proteins [ 8 9 ] . Characterized mutations include genes involved in intracellular trafficking [ 10 ] , transcriptional regulation [ 11 12 ] , signal transduction [ 7 8 11 13 14 15 ] , neural development [ 16 ] and neural wiring [ 17 ] , and axial patterning [ 18 19 ] . The rapid expansion of the nucleic acid databases has had a tremendous impact on the identification of genes disrupted by gene entrapment.
Since the sensitivity of the rapid tests remains high on treated patients therefore, it will be important to take patients history into consideration during routine usage of the <b>rapid</b> tests.
Despite this rapid progress in understanding the signals that regulate the MEN, the direct downstream targets of the MEN have yet to be apprehended.
The rapid time course of induction and sensitivity of CaT1 mRNA response to 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D treatment supports the idea that CaT1 could play a role as a gatekeeper of intestinal calcium absorption.
Sequencing of Expressed Sequence Tags (ESTs) has resulted in the rapid identification of expressed genes [ 1 ] . ESTs are single-pass, partial sequences of cDNA clones from a large number of disease and normal tissue libraries.
