Sherry learned through our Future Works class that she could rise out of the mire of the welfare system and support her family.
"You can earn the money to support yourself and your family," she says.
The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in, money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success, not hopelessness.
The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in, money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success, not hopelessness.
Very few have family support to get them started.
Because Pleasant Run is the only "family" for so many, our Emancipation Fund is one way we can help a young person take the first steps into his or her new life as an independent and productive adult.
Families are being torn apart, and too often, children are the victims.
and John H., a recovering alcoholic, rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again.
Today, we serve children and families with a multitude of problems: emotional, physical, psychological and sexual abuse.
Some come from families where, through therapy, there is hope for reunification.
For others, "families" are the counselors are housemates at the group homes where they live.
In 1994 Pleasant Run served 346 children and 125 families.
In 1995 we will serve over 850 children and 340 families.
The children and families who come to Pleasant Run are given the opportunity to become happy, loving, and productive members of our society.
For Pleasant Run to continue to serve abused and neglected children and their families, we need your support.
Your gift will give children and families hope for improved tomorrows.
In spite of that, Pleasant Run Children's Homes, with the help of hundreds of volunteers and others who really care, continues to make a significant impact on the futures of families and kids in need of help.
whether it's for therapeutic help in their own homes (which nurtures whole families), through foster care families or in the familial surroundings of our residential homes.
whether it's for therapeutic help in their own homes (which nurtures whole families), through foster care families or in the familial surroundings of our residential homes.
The holiday season is the time of year when we're all busy buying gifts, baking goodies, decorating our homes and making arrangements to be with family and friends.
Pleasant Run cares for at-risk children and families.
Today we are asking you to take a few minutes to consider making a contribution to Pleasant Run to help the 1,500 children families we care for.
Others are from families that are struggling to provide a healthy, happy environment but don't have the resources to make it possible.
It may help a family stay together.
A gift means a family will have a holiday meal, cooking utensils to prepare the meal and dishes to serve it on.
Let our families and children know that you want them to have the same kinds of memories of the holidays you will have.
We wish you and your family a new year full of joy and love.
At Pleasant Run, Inc. we are making plans and arrangements for our children and families.
Every year we seek companies, organizations and individuals to sponsor one or more of our families.
These families are participants in our community-based programs.
These programs focus on keeping the family together by providing counseling and other services to the entire family.
These programs focus on keeping the family together by providing counseling and other services to the entire family.
After our caseworkers meet with these families and their children they often find they lack even the basic necessities such as cooking utensils, beds, cleaning supplies, etc.
But, the holiday season is a particularly difficult time for these families.
We are asking you to consider sponsoring one of our families for this holiday season.
We would like to have families matched with sponsors non later than xxxx.
Thank you for considering this opportunity to make this a memorable holiday season for a family in need.
The only fund raising event in the world where you can bring your entire family, other employees, or maybe even your neighbors.
A fund raiser dedicated to you and your family having fun!
The Jameson Grill has been designed to be nothing but fun for you, your family, employees, and maybe even your neighbors.
The camp offers summer residential programs for children from ages 7-17, and continues contact with the campers and their families with special overnight and weekend follow-up events during the school year.
Many of the children have learning disabilities, behavioral problems, or come from economically distressed families.
This event is designed to be fun for campers, their families, friends of the camp, neighbors, staff, and anyone interested in finding out more about Jameson.
Many more camper referrals are coming from new organizations such as school social-workers and family counseling agencies.
It seems summer options aren't readily available for troubled kids whose families have limited incomes, so we're doing all we can to make Jameson available.
In 1998, we served a total of 31,484 low-income individuals through job training and placement assistance, youth and senior programming, family counseling, emergency assistance, and much more.
The Summer Enrichment Program will conclude with a celebration that includes family and friends.
This is exactly what happened in 1997 when Community Centers of Indianapolis provided its comprehensive, neighborhood-based services to individuals and families all over Marion County.
HIPPY (Home Instructional Program for Preschool Youngsters) for families.
Better yet, most of these services occur in cooperation with private and public agencies from all over the city - CICOA The Access Network, Goodwill Industries, Indianapolis Housing Agency, City of Indianapolis, Indianapolis Private Industry Council, Family and Social Services administration, OTC, Indy Parks, and numerous community development corporations, neighborhood organizations, and churches, to name just a few.
Participants in the Youth Outcomes Educational Initiative identified three goals for all our youth to obtain: economic self-sufficiency, healthy family, social relationships, and involvement in the community.
Youth who are supported and encouraged by both a family and a society that values Them have a much greater likelihood of becoming productive and contributing members of adult society.
Your contribution will enable us to both continue and expand the good work we have begun in making Indianapolis a city famous for its commitment to youth and families.
The results of an 18-month study completed by Public/Private Ventures showed that children participating in one-to-one Big Sister and Big Brother matches for just one year, reduced first time drug use by 46%; lowered school absenteeism by 52%; cut aggressive behavior by 33%; enhanced school performance; and improved relations with family and friends.

We must be able to reach all youth and families interested in values-based programs.
I now invite you to continue to support the mission and the message that is so important to building strong kids, strong families and strong communities.
Both reveal that Tony Blair had conferred with Diana about a goodwill ambassador job shortly before her death, and USAT reports that Le Figaro says a dying Diana gave two crash witnesses a message for her family and children.
Ashcroft ordered all special interest immigration hearings closed to the public, family members, and press; directed government attorneys to seek denial of bond until such time as they were "cleared" of terrorist connections by the FBI and other agencies; and ordered the identity of the detainees kept secret.
The Hasmonean dynasty, descendants of the Maccabee family, ruled an independent Jewish Commonwealth that stretched from the Negev to the Galilee.
After the initial years of Roman administration and political infighting, Rome installed Herod (scion of a family from Idumea, a Jewish kingdom in the desert) as King of Judea.
Jews were evacuated from the Old City’s Jewish Quarter, and thousands of Arab families fled their homes in West Jerusalem.
One rapidly runs out of hands and must resort to fingers and toes, for after years of laboriously categorizing these languages, the number of different main branches (called families and subfamilies) came to about ten.
Ingeniously, certain differences between families were explained by various phonetic shifts that (inexplicably) took place in one language group but not in another.
Although certain other languages were geographically nearby, it was impossible to establish any resemblances between them, hence Basque, for example, is not classified as being in the same family with other European languages, nor are Hungarian and Finnish, both of which belong to their own group.
The languages discussed here are what are usually called the Indo-European family; similar family trees could be drawn for the Semitic languages, Sino-Tibetan, Japanese, Bantu, Malayo-Polynesian, and so on.
The languages discussed here are what are usually called the Indo-European family; similar family trees could be drawn for the Semitic languages, Sino-Tibetan, Japanese, Bantu, Malayo-Polynesian, and so on.
In most cases, they dealt with words and functional elements, creating what are called reconstructions in hypothetical family prototypes called, variously, Proto-Latin, Proto-Greek, Proto-Germanic, Proto-Indo-Iranian, and so forth, the ultimate goal being to posit a single language called Proto-Indo-European.
The article is a classic, probably the first on the subject to appear in a scholarly journal, though there are other informal references to family language, some of which are documented by Dickson in his Bibliography.
Family words and expressions crop up everywhere.
Some are quite unique and their reporters cannot imagine their origin; others, like Penn Station , “what one family terms a child's misinterpretation of a famous line or phrase,” are clear: the generic term comes from the Lord's Prayer—“And lead us not into Penn Station.”
Many people know F.H.B. for `family hold back,' an exhortation ensuring ample provender for guests.
(In the VERBATIM family, some suffer from Fowler's pip , an affliction affecting language fanatics who base a slavish purism on a literal interpretation of Modern English Usage .)
Similar improvements are observed for the immunoglobulin family.
The founding member of the SCF family, SCF Cdc4, was identified through genetic analysis of the G1/S transition in budding yeast and served as a model for the study of other SCF complexes.
Many houses on the island are second homes for wealthy Athenian families.
In sepsis, long-term follow up appears to provide more meaningful outcome data for patients, families, and society than do standard 28-day, all-cause mortality statistics.
Thus, half of the students who had been on the Family Medicine rotation during the first half of the year received that intervention.
About 10 years ago, after growing up in a family without an appreciation of "family values," I decided I didn't have much use for my relationships with my siblings.
The role of the coactivators could be just as bridging factors, although some of the members of the p160 family and CBP/p300 present histone acetyltransferase activity [ 34 35 ] . Stat3 is a member of the JAK/STAT signaling pathway, which is a transcription factor itself that after activation binds to specific sequences in DNA to regulate expression of genes related to proliferation, differentiation and cell survival.
The family of RGS proteins are established to interact with various Gα-protein subunits, thereby antagonizing their activities [ 13 14 15 16 17 18 24 ] . Indeed, we previously reported that RGS3 bound Gqα [ 9 ] , the G protein subunit that mediates GnRH receptor signaling [ 38 ] . Here, we have extended those binding studies to include other Gα proteins (Fig.
The family boosted an earlier $10-million pledge, "because it feels strongly that there never has been a greater need for management education based on values and ethics."
(Billy is said to be the family peacemaker.)
How a community pulls together to help those in need defines that community as a good place to live, a good place to raise a family, and a good place to do business.
Dear Family, Friends, and Other Invited Guests
Two female passengers of riper years asked especially to be photographed with the young man for a family album.
So, in many of the Asian-American families I met, a certain Saturday ritual has developed.
The number of potential Zn(II) binding cysteine motifs range from none in S. cerevisiae DNA topoisomerase III to four highly conserved tetracysteine motifs in the beta family of the topoisomerase III enzymes [ 38 ] . The Zn(II) domain formed by these tetracysteine motifs may be required for interaction with single-strand DNA in removal of hypernegative supercoils [ 39 ] or disruption of early recombination intermediates between inappropriately paired DNA molecules [ 40 ] .
that it included at least one macrobrew , specifically, a member of the vast Anheuser-Busch family (Michelob Hefeweizen).
We previously discovered and initially characterized a novel member of this family in the mouse, namely nucleophosmin/nucleoplasmin 3 ( Npm3 ). To identify the human ortholog of Npm3 and begin its characterization, we have cloned a human NPM3 cDNA, determined its genomic structure and relationship to other family members and show its expression in multiple tissues and subcellular localization in the nucleus.
For those more interested in history than in the production of rum, there is a fascinating museum that relates the story of the Bacardi family (who still own the business), from their arrival in Cuba from Spain, to their flight to Puerto Rico after the Cuban revolution in 1959, to their influence on the global drinks market.
But he added that his wasn't a dysfunctional family.
Or are all such categories simply irrelevant to the experience of people who, maddened by the loss of their families and entire worlds, might best be considered to have been 'temporarily insane' in the full and exculpatory legal sense of the term?"
The FBI warned that Coia "is a criminal associate of the New England Patriarca organized crime family" and was under confidential investigation.
Family Words
In 1962, American Speech published “Family Words in English,” by Allen Walker Read, which was reprinted in VERBATIM Vol. I, No. 4, (1975).
There are many interesting entries in Family Words which, as far as I know, is the first documentation of the genre.
Family Words is useful and fun.
