2700 b.c. ). The major changes were not to daily tasks and routines, but to the political power base, which changed regularly and not necessarily peacefully throughout the ages.
As Athens rose in influence and power in the West, it was matched in the East by the rise of the Persian Empire.
From a power base in Anatolia, the Persians overran the eastern Aegean <b>Islands</b> and set their sights on the Cyclades.
Although the islands saw little action, as the war went on they could see that Athens was slowly losing its <b>power</b>.
His rise to power ushered in the Hellenistic period.
Although in 88 b.c. , Mithradates made a swift and successful raid from the East across Asia Minor and the Aegean Islands, the next major <b>power</b> change brought influence from the West.
In 1967, the military took the reins of power in Athens, and until 1974, the “Colonels” held sway with a repressive and brutal regime.
I think it almost does not matter what the judge does since it's clear that the balance of power is shifting again, although it not clear where it will land.
She has embraced the markers of dignity, refinement and power."
President Bush approved military plans to attack Afghanistan in meetings with Central Command's General Franks and other advisers on September 21 and October 2. Originally titled "Infinite Justice," the operation's code word was changed-to avoid the sensibilities of Muslims who associate the power of infinite justice with God alone-to the operational name still used for operations in Afghanistan:"Enduring Freedom."
Within about two months of the start of combat operations, several hundred CIA operatives and Special Forces soldiers, backed by the striking <b>power</b> of U.S. aircraft and a much larger infrastructure of intelligence and support efforts, had combined with Afghan militias and a small number of other coalition soldiers to destroy theTaliban regime and disrupt al Qaeda.
Jerusalem’s physical existence as a spiritual city seemed finished, but its spiritual power for Jews, and for the struggling new Christian religion, remained.
and have some judge that was paid off or you know had good a good old boy network or for whatever reasons you know politics just let all kinds of people through so he he would have a heck or she would have a heck of a lot of <b>power</b>
This information becomes relevant, it is said, to Justice Department officials monitoring the distribution of voting <b>power</b> in congressional districts.
Disappointed with the Western powers, Dr. Sun Yat-sen turned for support to the leaders of the young Soviet regime.
Empowerment refers to meeting the needs of girls and women so that they can freely exercise the power to determine and direct their lives.
Carnot, like others at the time, realized that part of the success achieved by the English had to do with early industrial economic <b>power</b>.
The Slaves), St. Matthew, and a Pietà — each a fascinating revelation of how Michelangelo released their power from the marble.
Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier, the positive effects radiate throughout our community: The business community welcomes not only another worker, but a consumer with increased purchasing power.
All state power is obligated to protect it and respect it.”
When Ramses built these temples in the 13th century b.c. , he was at the height of his power and was stamping his mark all around his Kingdom.
In nocturnal rodents, lesioning the SCN results in more fragmented sleep, with lower EEG delta power, but leaving the daily sleep time unchanged [ 6 7 8 31 ] . Lesioning the SCN in a diurnal primate, the squirrel monkey, did result in an increase in NREMS time, but sleep was more fragmented, with a higher proportion of 'light' NREMS [ 5 ] ; i.e., with lower overall levels of EEG delta <b>power</b>.
In the name of universal service, the federal Rural Electrification Administration spends $33 million subsidizing electric power for upcountry customers.
Power in the form of electricity, water—especially if items like jeans are to be washed—and a phone are about all that is required.
However, during the decisive years between 2140–2040 b.c. , a split occurred between the two Kingdoms when rival power bases arose in Heliopolis in Lower Egypt and Thebes (modern Luxor) in Upper Egypt.
The overall employment outlook for boilermakers should be quite good, considering the work created by a multipollutant initiative and the work on new power plants that is projected over the next 20 years.
Protestant unionists rejected a plan to implement last year's peace accord on the grounds that the plan requires sharing power with the political wing of the still-armed Irish Republican Army.
The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here have consecrated it far above our poor power to add or detract.
If you insert a finger, it comes out damp — the moisture is known to have miraculous healing powers, especially for eye diseases.
IPM can be used to evaluate the cost and emissions impacts of proposed policies to limit emissions of sulfur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen oxides (NOx), carbon dioxide (CO2), and mercury (Hg) from the electric power sector.
A spate of explicit "parental responsibility" laws passed by states and communities over the last couple of years give judges the power to make parents pay for juvenile detention or undergo counseling with their kids.
The Congress Party regained power, however, following Rajiv Gandhi’s assassination by a Tamil suicide bomber during election campaigns in 1991.
Only to a limited extent are they like regulatory user fees, based on the Government's power to regulate particular businesses or activities.
In a country where form and substance were inextricably interrelated, two things counted in politics: symbolic authority and real power.
The contributors repeat this figure as though it had talismanic power.
The image of Guadalupe provides support for those who believe in her divine power as the deliverer from oppression.
Over the next several hundred years a series of dynasties, some led by foreign rulers, held power under almost constant threat from usurpers at home and abroad.
spent much more than originally planned to develop and acquire its weapon systems, significantly reducing the department's buying power over the years.
It is interesting to note that one of the most successful vocabulary books bears the title, It Pays to Increase Your Word Power , that is, not something like “It Pays to Increase Your Vocabulary.
Now that manufacturers of power tools and ball bearings talk about their products as “fashion” items, the apparel industry—always subject to the whims of fashion—has much to say to any industry that involves retailing.
As Greek colonial <b>power</b> grew weak from Athens-Sparta rivalry back home and pressure from Phoenicians in Sicily, the vacuum was filled by an uppity confederation of Latin and Sabine tribes living on seven hills known collectively as Rome.
-- This may seem sexist, but it's not: It's gurrrll power, like at Sears.
But that computer is an open nonequilibrium thermodynamic system, its openness visibly realized by the plug and power line that connects the computer to the electric <b>power</b> grid.
But they concentrated their power more for commercial than military gain, showing a taste for the good life rather than a hunger for an empire.
Significant cost savings can be achieved for power generators and consumers through a comprehensive legislative package.
It also instructs them about how things can be different from what they are in today's China--where all power resides in the bloody hands of a narrow oligarchy and a broader party of bootlickers.
A core group can begin the work, but structural and programmatic changes -- mentoring, opportunities to talk about real problems and see solutions implemented, power sharing, diverse boards of Directors, new definitions of leadership --will be necessary to achieve lasting change.
It will reduce the power of money.
Most recently, GAO reviewed activities of the White House China Trade Relations Working Group, which was established at the request of President Clinton in the exercise of his Constitutional powers.
Power, the consumer research firm that uses public opinion polls to rate products.
If we can have an estimate of f 0, mk  , then we can obtain the corresponding power function ( d , ) for mk replicates in the same way as described earlier for m replicates.
And it has that power because its network has been architected to give it that <b>power</b>.
In adult mice, SC was lined with attenuated endothelial cells and at low power several giant vacuoles were always present (Figure 5E).
Women's fashion hasn't been the same since, and the feminine appeal of muted black clothes, later extended to menswear for women, has kept its mainstream power.
Even the lower boundary of the GSM power specifications (1.
And in his most recent anti-terrorism proposal, which he tried to wing through Congress in the wake of the TWA 800 disaster, Clinton requested vast new wiretapping powers for the FBI.
Unionization shows "how aggrieved many doctors feel," says the Washington Post . It changes the image of physicians who have "sometimes arrogantly presented themselves as part of an elite profession as opposed to members of a workers' group," says the New York Times , and it "may turn out to be a strong <b>force</b> against health plans that unfairly use their market <b>power</b> to limit quality of care."
Special diligence was taken to measure the radiated power (forward minus reflected <b>power</b>).
George Bush Jr. had made the right decision, from his own point of view, to show no mercy--after all, he might wish to run for the U.S. presidency, which is probably how Bill Clinton thought when he was governor of Arkansas and didn't once exercise his power of clemency.
The coinages and cadences of the Tyndale Bible--"eat, drink, and be merry"; "a fool's paradise"; "fight the good fight"; "suffer the children"; "the salt of the earth"; "in his right mind"; "the powers that be"--and of the King James Version have for three centuries served both as psychic libretto and as percussion section for English speakers everywhere.
There are plenty of pleasingly creepy moments in ABC's $35 million blockbuster , The Storm of The Century , the first Stephen King horror movie written directly for TV ( Sunday , Monday, Thursday, 9 p.m.) The small, isolated town of Little Tall <b>Island</b> finds itself under siege from both a brutal winter storm and a sinister visitor, a placid-faced killer with supernatural <b>powers</b>, Andre Linoge.
Among these include the slow start of the 107th Congress due to the power sharing arrangements in the Senate, closer margins and committee leadership changes in the House, and delay in filling many Bush Administration policy positions.
The [victorious] army yielded power harshly...
Three Kings uses the mechanism of the action picture for its visceral power, and to make a point about the callousness of action movies, a programmer with a bit of The Third Man slipped in to make a point.
The Patriot Act vests substantial powers in our federal government.
To sum up, then: What does Shakespeare really have to say to businessmen who think that his kings make good role models--rather than, say, troubling, interesting, morally questionable dramatizations of the effects of power?
The magnification of power function continued until the 6-fold input ratio.
In a provision of the recently passed budget bill, Congress used its constitutional authority to strip power from the mayor and City Council, and to vest it in the financial control board that was set up in 1995.
This result replicates the known association and linkage of HLA to CD [ 22 25 29 ] and demonstrates the power of the family resource to detect linkage in the set of candidate gene markers.
Moore's Law is really just a prediction that the processing power of the state-of-the-art computer chip will double every 18 months.
There are plenty of reasons to be skeptical about the power of these new treatments.
The British were furious and went to war in 1780, destroying the Dutch navy and signaling a sudden decline in power and influence from which the Netherlands never recovered.
In order to ensure reliability of electric power, nothing in this title or title V shall beconstrued as requiring termination of operations of a unit serving a generator for failure to have an approved permit or compliance plan under this section, except that any such unit may be subject to the applicable enforcement provisions of section 113.
The Post emphasizes that DeLay's support is truly decisive, and that Hastert's elevation would further expand DeLay's already-impressive power base.
Since there are choices at each of positions, the number of possible proteins of length is raised to the th power, or approximately raised to the th <b>power</b>, .
Egypt was already dominated by foreign power — the Assyrians — and also began increasing trade and diplomacy with the expanding Roman Empire.
After SD, wild type mice displayed the typical increase in REMS and NREMS time, NREMS bout duration, and EEG delta power above baseline levels ( [ 10 13 ] Table 2, Figure 1).
3: If it's true that campaign finance reform would give the editorial pages such awesome power, it's darned impressive that the Journal alone is immune to this temptation.
Begun in 1329 at the height of Catalonia’s expansion as a Mediterranean power, Santa María del Mar is the greatest example of pure Catalan Gothic, with unadorned exterior walls, a flat roof, sober façade flanked by two three-tiered octagonal bell towers, and a large rose window over the portal.
SO2 and NOx emissions from power generation react in the atmosphere to form nitrates and sulfates, which are a substantial fraction of fine particle (PM2.
Saying in an editorial Monday that "Saddam means terror, confrontation and war," that "[h]e is bent on building Iraq into a dominant regional power with the assistance of weapons of mass destruction," and that the authority of the United Nations would be "in tatters if he is allowed to terminate Unscom operations."
Hundreds of careworn buildings were brought back to life, and power cables were buried underground and out of sight.
These codes appear in association when the power goes down or a short circuit occurs in the system.
4) Nominee-stoning is what the two-party system and separation of powers are for.
The Minoans developed into one of the great naval powers of the Mediterranean, with the wood from the vast cypress forests providing material for boats.
GOVERNMENTAL RECEIPTS - Collections from the public that result primarily from the exercise of the Government's sovereign or governmental powers.
It is still thought by many to have healing powers, and the pools here are often thronged with those seeking purification.
We applied these screening criteria to the Emissions and Generation Resource Integrated Database (E-GRID) [ 20 ] to determine a subset of 553 power plants potentially able to respond to demand-side management efforts.
But the Rome paper La Repubblica focused, in an editorial Thursday, on the power of Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan, whom it depicted as being, like Hillary Clinton, a second "surrogate president."
During the reign of his son, under a regent, the borders were pushed further north and west, provoking reactions from the Tibetans and Chinese as well as the British East India Company, the power to the south.
We tested the assumption of a relationship between delta power and the sleep-wake history by using a mathematical method that predicts the level of EEG delta <b>power</b> occurring in individual NREMS bouts based on the 42 h sequence of 10-sec behavioral state scores for individual animals [ 10 ] . With this analytical tool, the time constants of the increasing delta <b>power</b> during wakefulness and its decrease during NREMS are estimated.
Whence do they derive those powers?
16 The notion of legislative power to regulate the economy prevailed.
Strong central government under a High Commissioner left considerable powers in the hands of the States’ Malay rulers.
Now the power over reputations is passing from magazines, radio stations, and so on to--well, to everybody.
Spain’s internal affairs became the concern of the other great <b>powers</b> after Charles II died without an heir.
The term "independent power producer" means any person who owns or operates, inwhole or in <b>part</b>, one or more new independent <b>power</b> production facilities.
Wars have a way of throwing open basic questions of this sort, and by unleashing aggression within a society, a Civil War inevitably invites a redefinition of governmental power.
When Attila died in 453 the Huns were overthrown and the Avars became the dominant <b>power</b>, occupying the region from the middle of the sixth century to the early ninth century.
The NYT reports that Clinton administration officials reviewing the proposed tobacco industry settlement have concluded it puts too great a restriction on the FDA's power to regulate nicotine, and thus that this deal is not likely to receive President Clinton's support.
Covenanted with higher powers, the nation has a destiny—a “manifest destiny” as journalist John L. O’Sullivan dubbed our policy of westward expansion in the mid-1840s.
It is difficult to understand why Charles V, who was born in and had strong family ties to The Low Countries, should treat the region with such harshness, however the dynasty power base was in Spain and emotion had no <b>part</b> in Empire-making.
But these were attacks by major powers.
The program might start by inducing the young men to acknowledge the power of their sexual impulses, and then explaining why human males have evolved in that way.
Seven years later, the opposition of radical forces toppled Primo de Rivera from <b>power</b>.
Slobodan Milosevic, an old party boss, has retained power since 1989, appealing to Serbian chauvinism to elude liberal reforms.
Hence, the distribution is a power law distribution, with many small and few large avalanches of change propagating through the network.
Laozi is immortalized by his book of thoughts on man, nature, and the universe, Daodejing (“The Way and Its Power”), which <b>became</b> the major text of China’s greatest indigenous religion, Daoism (Taoism).
Where feasible, this should include power plants both within the conventionally defined electric utility sector as well as electricity generated by industrial cogenerators and other independent power producers."
Congressional Democrats and Republicans have cooperated in abandoning war powers.
You initiate the second part of the <b>power</b> stroke by pushing on the handle and moving the cylinder out of contact with the hot T1 reservoir to a position between the two heat reservoirs, touching neither.
At their best, the popes and cardinals replaced military conquest by moral leadership and persuasion; at their worst, they could show the same hunger for political power and worldly wealth as any caesar or grand duke.
The United States emerged into the post-Cold War world as the globe's preeminent military power.
How much of the world would Milosevic sacrifice for the sake of his power?
Portugal and Spain, the planet’s foremost maritime powers, agreed to divide the world between them by means of the 1494 Treaty of Tordesillas.
Knight's link to the vice president is now the power axis for a circle of his friends and clients, all of whom benefit from the relationship.
In 1791, when the Bill of Rights was ratified, it made sense for the Tenth Amendment to affirm that all federal power derived from the states and from the <b>people</b>.
Head out into the lagoon on one of the fleets of jet-skis or small power boats, sign up for a snorkeling tour, or if you’d like to see marine life but stay dry, ride the Sub See Explorer, a mini-submarine with viewing windows so you get just as good a view as those in wet suits.
Another major difference between mobile phones is the emitted peak power due to the GSM specifications which allow a peak <b>power</b> tolerance of +/- 2 dB.
Personal charisma, a hefty electoral mandate, and the cooperation of the legislature can augment the power of any governor.
Deeper in the ordered regime, the size distribution of avalanches remains a power law, but the slope down to the right <b>becomes</b> steeper, so there are fewer big avalanches compared to small avalanches.
Peisistratus established a dynasty that remained in uninterrupted power for half a century.
Certain Municipally Owned Power Plants.
I do support parents who don't believe in corporal punishment--if they can raise their children well without an occasional spanking, more power to them.
When legal cultures lose sight of their natural end of bringing a reign of justice and harmony to human affairs, they decline into corruption and the arbitrariness of power.
Probably the most important reform was the least glamorous: the decentralization that increased regional autonomy and reversed the age-old trend of concentrating political, economic, and administrative power in the national capital.
Glaser, R., Licata, A., Robinson, T., "The SCR Retrofit at the Montour Steam Electric Station," Electric Power Generation Association Meeting, Hershey, PA, October 24-25, 2000.
This is significant, because in the film it is Kinnear who gets to articulate the case against concentration of corporate power.
6 In the fifty-five years leading up to the Civil War, the Court used this power sparingly.
But important though the resuscitated imperial authority undoubtedly was, the real power under the restoration known as Meiji (“Enlightened Rule”) was in the hands of a new generation of forward-looking administrators, who set about abolishing the ancient feudal apparatus in favor of a modern government based on merit rather than ancestry.
The question now was whether under a new governmental structure with Washington at its head, the individual states could nourish the principle that they were the residual source of governmental power as set forth in the Tenth Amendment, “The <b>powers</b> not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the <b>people</b>.”
Theoretically sovereign, the new state was an artificial creation — the result of pressure from other European powers — and the 17-year-old Bavarian Prince Otto was installed as king.
[ 4 ] present a comprehensive comparison of the statistical power for many of the commonly used flanking marker or two marker methods employed, and conclude that two marker mapping provides a relatively small gain (5%) in <b>power</b> over single marker methods when the two markers define an interval of width less than 20 cM, but a substantial increase (greater than 30%) in <b>power</b> for intervals upwards of 70 cM, indicating that the gain in <b>power</b> may come from the addition of the second marker to the analysis, or the addition of information from that marker, rather than the map.
Inflation, however, would turn that into a 9 percent cut in annual purchasing power.
In short, in principle the next state of our chunk of the universe is drawn from among raised to the to the st power neighboring microstates.
). This sudden change brought chaos to Egypt and she lost international influence, but Akhenaten’s successor — his son, the young Tutankhamun — brought power back to Thebes and reinvested the priests of Amon Ra and his fellow gods with religious supremacy.
Such an approach will benefit the power generation industry, the economy, and the states, while improving public health and the environment.
In a front-page news analysis of the Group of Eight summit in Birmingham, England, this weekend, Alan Friedman of the International Herald Tribune in Paris wrote that the meeting served merely to "highlight the limits of <b>power</b> in an increasingly complex world."
As in all cases where partnerships might benefit the various parties involved, real-world considerations—who has the most power, who is responsible for instigating change, who will make the initial investments—often slow integration.
Sanford Dole, head of a missionary family, and others led a successful movement to curb Kalakaua’s powers.
The real reason to worry about Democrats retaking Congress is that after two years out of power, they have begun to reconsider their approach to government--but they've only just begun.
A process of decentralization was started, with more powers being devolved, although not equally, to 17 semiautonomous regions.
Assuming inflation remains at current rates through 2001, almost $450 million is required in FY01 to maintain the purchasing power (and services) of the FY95 level.
It is expected to be the most controversial term in recent memory, with cases on free speech, church and state, and the federal-state balance of power.
Conversely the power of a witch cannot be exerted over a person named Juan or Juana.
After the war the Guomindang Nationalists took power, but Communist troops seized Shanghai in 1949.
As a result, the already meager international purchasing power of China's rock-bottom wages is suppressed even further.
No comparative data yet show whether the size distribution of avalanches in real organisms is a power law, nor whether the largest avalanches scale as a square root function of the number of genes in the organism.
Versailles was truly the shining star of Europe by its architectural splendor, and most of all by the sheer hypnotic power of Louis XIV’s cult of self-glorification.
Ironically, this committee was eliminated in the 1970s as Congress was undertaking the next most important reform of oversight in response to the Church and Pike investigations into abuses of power.
The majors also dutifully tell us that today's New England Journal of Medicine concludes that power lines probably don't give you leukemia.
After the more sober spirituality of the Romanesque churches, the soaring Gothic cathedrals of Chartres, Paris (Notre-Dame), Bourges, and Amiens were at once monuments to the glory of God and testimony to the sheer power, spiritual and temporal, of the Roman Catholic Church.
Those out of power love to accuse those in <b>power</b> of being overly solicitous toward Beijing on human rights and other issues.
During the 16th and 17th centuries it was one of a ring of forts that held the key to Spanish power in the Caribbean.
0 under the alternative non-central t distribution g ( t, df 1 , δ): . Now when the n samples are randomly assigned into pools of size p with equal mixing, power is decreased because the degrees of freedom are reduced to df 2 = 2( n / p - 1), which makes the tails of the central t distribution under H 0 heavier and thus the critical value t 0 * will be further from 0, while the non-centrality parameter is unchanged: (since the variance is reduced to σ 2/ p and the number of chips reduced to n / p ). However, if n + k subjects with pool size p are compared to n subjects without pooling, then the <b>power</b> change is not monotonic.
As the power of traders and private bankers has grown, government economic policy has <b>become</b> hostage to the financiers' and speculators' fears that economic growth will spur inflation, which will reduce the value of their holdings.
The huge sanctuary, which holds 13,000 worshippers, commemorates the healing powers of Brother André.
It is not only a 200 plus sector model of the U.S. economy, but it also includes the Argonne Unit Planning and Compliance model and database that captures a wide variety of technology characteristics within the electric generating sector, including industrial combined heat and power systems and the typically available emission control technologies.
Book -- Other Powers: The Age of Suffrage, Spiritualism, and the Scandalous Victoria Woodhull , by Barbara Goldsmith (Knopf); Notorious Victoria: The Life of Victoria Woodhull , Uncensored , by Mary Gabriel (Algonquin).
As possessors of magical power associated with ritual sacrifice and sacred utterance, Brahmins were the sole interpreters of the Vedic scriptures.
and have some judge that was paid off or you know had good a good old boy network or for whatever reasons you know politics just let all kinds of people through so he he would have a heck or she would have a heck of a lot of <b>power</b>
László Moholy-Nagy essentially invented the diagonal, for instance, and Umbo (Otto Umbehr) shares credit with his Russian colleague Aleksandr Rodchenko for discovering the graphic power of the shadow as seen from a perpendicular perspective.
The dimensionality of the adjacent possible from a given microstate might be as low as or as large as the mathematical number of adjacent microstates, raised to the raised to the st power.
The realm was divided up among his heirs and progressively fragmented by the rivalries of the Merovingian dynasty that battled for power over the next 300 years.
EPA-DOE-EPRI Combined Power Plant Air Pollutant Control Symposium: The Mega Symposium and The A&WMA Specialty Conference on Mercury Emissions: Fate, Effects, and Control, Chicago, IL, August 20-23, 2001.
Not only are the live performances transcendent ("the music, in its acoustic beauty and power, jumps off the screen," says Peter Watrous in the New York Times ), the scenes of Havana are spectacular, and the story of the artists' recent professional rebirth is gripping.
2 And then came the dispute about Lincoln’s authorizing his generals in the field to suspend the writ of habeas corpus—the great writ by which the courts retain the power to supervise the arrest and detention of criminal suspects.
Upper Egypt was the heartland of the Kingdom at the peak of its power and influence, and the remains of its ancient cities form one of the most important and breathtaking archaeological collections in the world.
That evidence can include corroborative witnesses -- and even a layperson representing himself has the power of subpoena to require testimony.
One reason the lobbying culture is bigger in Washington than in London is the American separation of powers.
To think of them as being the residual source of powers delegated to the governments that created them is the kind of self-deception that only lawyers can devise.
Power struggles at home and rebellion by colonies abroad ensued.
The power of beauty should be transcended, not exploited.
From the outset of the Industrial Revolution, spinning, weaving, and finishing have called for substantial investments in plants, power, and equipment.
As the winds of perestroika blew in from Moscow, Kádár was removed from power in 1988, and, in 1989, the formation of opposition parties was legalized.
The question now was whether under a new governmental structure with Washington at its head, the individual states could nourish the principle that they were the residual source of governmental power as set forth in the Tenth Amendment, “The <b>powers</b> not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the <b>people</b>.”
Like many dynasties before and after, the Han succession ended in a new struggle for power and anarchy.
Professor Martin asserted that LSNY "has no plans" under consideration to exercise its powers as the sole corporate member to force any changes on the boards of the local corporations.
Meteorologists had predicted the storm would equal 1992's Hurricane Andrew in power and destruction, but Bret hit the least-populated stretch of the Gulf Coast and was quickly downgraded to a tropical storm.
The British were not letting go, but a new Government of India Act two years later promised Indians real executive power at the head of provincial ministries for education, public works, health, and agriculture.
The Yule distribution in particular was reported as providing a better fit for the occurrence of 'mers than the power law [ 27], and the stretched-exponential and lognormal distributions have been cited as providing good fits for non-biological data.
Power Users Dump Baudy Language: The Ambivalent Nature of Computer Slang
Now in order to return the Carnot engine to its initial state, 1 (in Figure 3.2), such that the working gas can again expand and do mechanical work on the piston, work must be done on the engine to bring the piston back up to its position near the head of the cylinder and to recompress and reheat the working gas so that its temperature and pressure values, or state, correspond to state 1. If the work done on the Carnot engine simply retraced the exact pathway from step 3 to step 2 to step 1, at least as much work would have to be done on the Carnot engine as the engine released in the power stroke in going from 1 to 2 to 3. If so, no net work would be carried out by the Carnot engine on the external world.
This meant deposing Sultan Mehmet VI, who as caliph (leader of the Islamic world) and sultan stood for the old tradition of combined secular and religious power.
In the latest novel she addresses race--sort of--in the form of a rich, power hungry, sexually overactive but ultimately humane black activist and publisher.
The purpose of the amendments is to insure both that innocent persons will not be convicted but just as critically to protect the dignity of every suspect as he or she falls under the investigative and prosecuting power of the state.
Even so, the Moors were regarded as an occupying power by the local Christian population.
Lenzner's ease in finding sensitive personal info leads the piece to conclude that "the power once held by J. Edgar Hoover--someone who worked behind the scenes, who knew all the secrets and exerted enormous influence on public affairs--has passed into the hands of private men."
All three grant the power to Congress to enforce the basic framework “with appropriate legislation.”
In the 50 years that followed Ashoka’s death, Mauryan power went into decline.
The initial increase in delta power (relative to baseline), measured over the first recovery hour, was significantly smaller in cry1,2 -/-than the increase observed in wild type mice (Table 2).
But the important thing about this line is the way it illuminates just how dramatic the shift in power in the media world has been over the past three to four years, and how real certain of these supposedly inflated Internet valuations have <b>become</b>.
In addition to effective buyers and merchandising, successful traditional retailers relied on a third element: purchasing products at low costs through buying power (volume or cash position), or via access to the cheapest domestic and international sources for apparel.
Created at the height of the Chandellas’ power in the mid-11th century, the sculpture inside is the most sophisticated and ingenious: apsara dancing-girls and sura-sundari nymphs coquettishly yawning, scratching, applying their makeup, or playing with monkeys, parakeets, or with their cheerful lovers.
Regulating Emissions from Power Generation
Then again, the natural state of our species is also a small hunter-gatherer society, with little wealth and thus, only mild inequalities of status and power among men.
And we discussed the power law distribution of lifetimes of species and genera.
For seven centuries the real and symbolic center of British military and social power, it is a monument that still has resonance for Dubliners.
Since the beginning of the Republic, few debates have been as hotly contested as the one over executive versus legislative powers.
(My favorite tester routinely yanked the power cord out of the computer during Outlook operations to see how the program handled loss of <b>power</b>.)
Such was the incredible cutting power of the Japanese sword — embellished perhaps a bit by Japanese superstition.
The rank order of the mean-square errors does not change when the modular power and/or the transition bias are varied over the range one to ten, so the correlations are robust across parameter space.
If we attack militarily, we must use ground troops: As the Gulf War proved, air power alone won't cripple Iraq's <b>forces</b> and won't topple Saddam.
It has suppressed the romantic will to break all restraints for the sake of glory in power.
Naval skirmishes ensued between the two powers, but at the end of the war of succession between Portugal and Castile, the wide-ranging Treaty of Alcaçovas ended Lisbon’s claims to the Fortunate <b>Islands</b>.
This can be seen by noting that the non-centrality parameter for pooling is now , which is non-trivially larger than . This shifts the alternative distribution further away from the null distribution and thus increases power.
There she will place her faith in a higher power and pray that next time she's tempted to discourse on that of which she knows absolutely nothing, He'll shut her up.
You then let go of the red handle and allow the working gas in the cylinder to expand, thereby pushing the piston downward away from the head of the cylinder, in the first part of the <b>power</b> stroke of the Carnot engine.
Sacred to Hindus, it is a destination of devout pilgrimage on festive days for the sight of the imposing stalagmite called Shiva’s lingam; this phallic symbol stands for the god’s fertility, power, and creativity.
Apoptotic cells were counted in 10 high power field (HPF) at 40 × magnification with a field diameter of 0.35 mm.
The Crusaders convinced themselves the Jews were a secret cabal with insidious powers, out to destroy Christendom.
Although the islands saw little action, as the war went on they could see that Athens was slowly losing its <b>power</b>.
Tests on other locations of the dipole relative to the phantom (near the ear, the loop or the meander) showed no influence up to a maximum available radiation power of 6 W. The uncertainty of the transmitting <b>power</b> measurement was less than ± 30%, and is basically composed of the uncertainty of the <b>power</b> measurement itself and the uncertainty of the direction coupler parameters.
HCFA's Vladeck has already entertained extending the program, noting that if jealous congressmen from other jurisdictions "think this is a good deal, they have the power to make it more available."
Finally, as Tomás Ybarra-Frausto explains, Chicano/a art reflects a “continual effort toward developing an enhanced art of resistance—an art which is not a resistance to the materials and forms of art, but rather a resistance to entrenched social systems of power, exclusion and negation” (1990, 67).
Throughout the centuries of imperial expansion, decline, and fall, Italy took a back seat as the realm of power moved with the armies away from Rome, east to Byzantium and to the north as far as Gaul or Germany.
But the regulation of power generators does not end with existing regulations.
The scenarios under consideration tend to emphasize making membership entirely or partially elective, which would make the House of Lords more democratic, and then giving the upper chamber greater power than it currently enjoys.
His analysis focuses on the dynamics of this joking behavior, relajando, and how the working poor utilize it to disrupt values imposed on them by the social classes in power or the dominant culture.
Prayer wheels (which hold a scroll covered with prayers) and flags multiply the power of prayer by adding to devotion the energy of movement.
• Combines IPM and EIA information with data from the National Regulatory Research Institute and Center for Advanced Energy Markets regarding the restructuring of the power industry.
Just deserts, you might say, for those minority multiculturalists who pretended that equality of cultural recognition was as good as equality of actual power: Now whites want to play the same game, recounting to us the sufferings of the Celts, the indignities borne by the Welsh, yet still retaining the <b>power</b> premium they've long enjoyed--as whites.
Archaeologists have found votive offerings dating back over 3,000 years, attesting to the ancient power of the site.
At each examined frequency, the transmitting power of the dipole was increased until the implant showed an influence.
A LAT front-pager claims that despite a stock price and profits that continue to climb, Microsoft's power in the computing world is beginning to wane.
Behind the Sturm und Drang of the nation’s first impeachment trial was a struggle for power between the Congress and the presidency.
For the next several years the pendulum of power in Spain swung back and forth between Left and Right.
The open trading program gives power plants the flexibility to choose how they meet their target emission reductions, which minimizes compliance costs and lowers consumer electricity prices.
According to the Star , the ANC had supported the government's responsible economic policy; rejected Winnie Mandela and her followers; reaffirmed the principle of "non-racialism"; and, "unusually for Africa," presided over a smooth transfer of power from Mandela to Thabo Mbeki.
In general, this is just a mapping on the power set in which “machine bundles” act on input bundles to yield output bundles; that is, the set of possible input bundles, machines, and output bundles is the set of possible mappings of the <b>power</b> set into itself.
By the eighth century, the Byzantines held the balance of power with the Lombards (a Germanic tribe), who had invaded Italy in 568 and set up their capital at Pavia four years later.
From 1962 until 1972, the JLP held power.
"Congress should pass legislation to establish a flexible, market-based program to significantly reduce and cap emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, mercury and voluntary reductions of carbon dioxide from electric power generators.
The king saved Spain by surrendering his own power to the <b>people</b>: Now even socialists want to preserve the monarchy.
Curanderas are sometimes mistaken for witches because of their healing power, but they are also often called upon to undo the work of witches.
He appropriated for the State much of the personal fortunes of the princes, but found it harder to curtail the power of land-owners who had extensive contacts with the more conservative elements in his Congress Party.
For example, the 550 MWe boiler at Kansas City Power & Light Company's Hawthorne Generating Station required rebuild and NOX, SO2, and PM simultaneous control retrofits.
She believes in the uplifting power of work.
Firms do show a similar power law distribution of lifetimes.
By the time of Patrick’s death in a.d. 465, the whole country was effectively Christianized — a peaceful process, without a single martyr, which speaks for Patrick’s natural diplomacy as well as his powers of persuasion.
Power spectrum analysis of the population of responses among all slices, showed similar frequency peak of hyperthermic and post-tetanic gamma oscillations (Fig.
The picture of him linking arms with the white and Hispanic soldiers "will exert great power in the United States, and Jesse Jackson should be applauded for making it happen," it added.
Major physical innovations were hidden behind this visual wonder: sixty-eight state-of-the-art elevators; the latest in fireproofing; a large power plant devoted entirely to the store; and sophisticated heating, ventilating, and sanitation systems.
In the middle of the sixth century, Athens’ first dictator took power.
(iii) an electric utility has issued a letter of intent or similar instrument committing topurchase power from the facility at a previously offered or lower price and a <b>power</b> sales agreement is executed within a reasonable period of time; or
The glory of the book--of most of Greene's books--is in the dialogue, in which all that vague spiritual yearning coalesces into candor so biting that it still has the power to shock.
For many, the limitations on governmental power represent a trivial and self-evident proposition.
As Górtis rose in prominence towards the end of the first millennium b.c., the fortunes of Phaistós declined, though it had been the seat of power for most of southern Crete in Minoan times.
On modern cars with power locks, however, unlocking the driver's-side door automatically unlocks all other doors.
This was a reasonable exercise of the state’s “police power,” its general authority to promote the common good.
He was replaced as caliph by his cousin, whose powers were strictly limited by secular laws, until that position, too, was abolished in 1924.
Maddox, far too young to have visited the Joyces in Paris, was relying on an account by Arthur Powers in The Joyce We Knew , who had visited the Joyces in the 1930s and who had mistaken the city.
A warlord seized power in Beijing, hoping to restore the monarchy.
The Post also said that Yeltsin's attempts to "subvert or cancel" elections could backfire, and added, "Even more ominous is the possibility that political infighting in Moscow could shift the real power to regional governors, many of whom are even less democratic and more self-serving than Yeltsin himself.
Chapter 5 discusses how the retail revolution has led to a tremendous shift in bargaining power within the channel—away from manufacturers and suppliers and toward lean retailers.
To the left of the high altar is a small chapel whose 10th-century Madonna di Nicopeia, a bejeweled icon also from Constantinople, is said to have healing powers and is a runner-up as Venice’s protective patron after St. Mark.
The American Public Power Association commented that conversion to secondary status would have a severe impact on the limited budgets of small, non-profit public utility systems.
William Kristol and Robert Kagan say that the U.S. should remove Hussein and his regime from power.
Does a power law distribution of avalanches of change erupt or not?
If, after repeated warnings, a State was judged guilty of misgovernment, it was simply annexed by the Paramount Power — the British.
Tests with increased transmitting power have shown that an inhibition of the ITREL-III is caused at frequency dependent <b>power</b> levels.
Was the power of Marx and Marxism entirely bound up in the fate of Eastern Bloc capital "C" Communism?
In southern India, power was shared by the Pallavas in Kanchipuram and the Pandyas and Cholas vying for control of Thanjavur (Tanjore).
If "critical" systems--such as power grids, defense computers, and hospital equipment--had not been fixed, disaster might have followed.
The confusion came to a head in 1868 when the House impeached Lincoln’s successor, President Andrew Johnson, for arguably asserting excessive executive power in firing his Secretary of War Edwin Stanton.
Finally, in 1898, the European powers forced the Turks to grant Crete autonomy within the Ottoman Empire and accept Prince George, second son of the <b>Greek</b> king, as governor.
The towers lost power and communications capability.
only scratches the surface of this issue by focusing on the murky areas of politics, raw power, and corruption.
This kind of efficient allocation of functions would make sense against a conception of the nation as the foundation of governmental power.
They said that she was a white witch with potent magical powers who had murdered three husbands and an unidentified number of lovers before she herself died under mysterious circumstances.
But the most important explanation of the Washington establishment's Clinton hating is that Clinton threatens its waning power.
Indeed, you have arranged things such that at the end of the power stroke the working gas is itself at this lower temperature, T2.
Sailing instruction and boat rentals — rowboats and power boats, sailing dinghies, and yachts — are all available at Mission Bay, San Diego; Marina del Rey, Los Angeles; in Santa Barbara; and in Sausalito.
If we have a new legislation that significantly reduces emissions of SO2, NOx and mercury, we can eliminate many of the individual programs that apply to the power generation sector and replace them with a system that will reduce the administrative burden on industry and governments, use market-based incentives to keep compliance costs low, and provide the industry with more certainty about its future regulatory obligations.
McCain's approach, on the other hand, is incremental . He will be satisfied with reducing the role and power of special-interest money in Washington.
•The expected power law size distribution of avalanches of gene changes after perturbation of a single gene’s activity seems plausible and fits the still sparse data.
In Cairo they built vast palaces and ornate mosques, and expanded the influence of the great Khan el-Khalili market to expand Egypt’s trading power.
Our reviews over the past 20 years have consistently found that DOD's weapon system acquisitions take much longer and cost much more than originally anticipated, causing disruptions to the department's overall investment strategy and significantly reducing its buying power.
Notwithstanding the logistic difficulties of constructing synonym differentiators and collocations dictionaries, particularly the latter, it is now possible for information technology to deliver direct to socalled end-users lexical data retrieval systems of great size, power, and usefulness.
The Black Legend originated in the sixteenth century during the Protestant Reformation, with the beginnings of a rejection of Catholicism and abhorrence of the political and military power of Spain.
Kemal handled the problem with his usual vigour and eloquence in a speech to the Assembly, by linking the power of the caliphate with that of the Assembly: “… It was by <b>force</b> that the sons of Osman seized the sovereignty and Sultanate of the Turkish nation… Now the Turkish nation has rebelled and has put a stop to these usurpers, and has effectively taken sovereignty and the Sultanate into its own hands.
An organization like al Qaeda, headquartered in a country on the other side of the earth, in a region so poor that electricity or telephones were scarce, could nonetheless scheme to wield weapons of unprecedented destructive power in the largest cities of the United States.
Never designed for public exhibition, these experimental sketches and gifts for intimate friends have a distinctive power, like secrets revealed, or conversations overheard.
Fast power boats from Nassau whisk visitors on day trips to enjoy the area.
The story does go on to point out some hopeful developments in the relationship between the two rival A-powers: at meetings in New York yesterday, their prime ministers agreed to resume high-level talks about the region in dispute between them, Kashmir, and also to set-up a communications "hot line."
Instead of retracing the power stroke pathway, the Carnot engine, and all heat engines, use a simple trick.
Although in 88 b.c. , Mithradates made a swift and successful raid from the East across Asia Minor and the Aegean Islands, the next major <b>power</b> change brought influence from the West.
Despite significant improvements in air quality throughout the country however, emissions from power generation continue to result in serious health, environmental and economic impacts.
This development should bolster the country's stability at least for the short-term, though the NYT says that Habibie's hold on power is still fragile.
In other words, direct measurable information of consumer behavior translates into market power.
His rise to power ushered in the Hellenistic period.
The loss of power due to reduction of degrees of freedom will be partially compensated by gain of <b>power</b> due to increase of effect size.
All of which makes me glad that the two great powers that lost out in this century's <b>power</b> struggles were Germany and Russia, or we might be savoring the delights of borscht, potatoes, and sauerkraut, washed down by gallons of vodka!
As in the ordered regime, however, in the chaotic regime there is also a power law distribution of small avalanches, present in addition to the vast avalanches that rocket through the green sea.
They later rebuilt it to bolster their own prestige, only to burn it down once again in a fit of pique when the Meiji Restoration of imperial power abolished their shogunate in 1868.
Quite simply, he has an apparatchik's attitude: He will hang onto power at all costs.
Needing lots of power, the engineers began with a huge engine block and sought to mount the block on a chassis.
In 1070 b.c. the country was split again and foreign powers began to overrun the borders.
Due to the interconnectivity and interdependency of the electric power grid, information sharing is a necessity for (1) maintaining the reliability of the <b>power</b> supply and (2) conducting business transactions in a deregulated environment.
Power, to be sure, brought other benefits to a female's genetic legacy, so women naturally like having <b>power</b>.
The corresponding segment of the work cycle connects the starting position in Figure 3.2, position 1, to position 2 by a line segment representing the simultaneous values of volume and pressure during the isothermal expansion part of the <b>power</b> stroke.
Nearby — where Mitropoleos meets Pentelis — is another church, Ayía Dinamis, which means “the holy power of the Virgin.”
least cost) approach to operating the electric power system over a given time period subjectto specific constraints (e.g.
So-called public intellectuals like West, bell hooks, and, yes, Henry Louis Gates Jr. himself, seem to me both dishonest and selfish--they're in it for the money and the power as much as out of any sense of obligation or responsibility to the black community.
The reform movement, intent on breaking the political power of the big corporations, attacked corrupt practices in administration, public finances, and banking, but did nothing to oppose the businessmen’s traditional resistance to unions and more liberal labor laws.
Today, President Bush proposed the most significant step America has ever taken to cut power plant emissions, the Clear Skies Initiative.
This would complete the return and vindication of the company's prodigal son, who had lost a long-ago power struggle with former Apple CEO John Sculley.
Leaving the British official who twice searched his luggage none the wiser, he managed by meticulous observation to memorize the principal features of the power loom well enough to produce his own version of it on his return to Boston.
Other European powers began to put pressure on the defending <b>forces</b>, and British naval <b>power</b> in the area was badly stretched.
The Republicans who hold real power keep Barr at a distance.
If the engine is operated more rapidly, hence irreversibly, the temperature is held nearly constant during this part of the <b>power</b> stroke, thus this section of the <b>power</b> stroke is called the “isothermal expansion portion” of the Carnot work cycle.
It also housed the national treasury, bringing together the spiritual and secular power of ancient Greece.
There is no question that Congress has expansive oversight powers with respect to agency processes and activities.
According to Indian scientists, says the NYT , the hydrogen bomb (code-named Shakti-1, from the Hindi word for "power") they set off is considerably smaller than the largest hydrogen bombs tested by the U.S., Russia and the other established nuclear <b>powers</b>.
It is we humans who conceived and built the intricate assembly of chips and logic gates that constitute a computer, typically we humans who program it, and we humans who contrived the entire power grid that supplies the electric <b>power</b> to run the computer itself.
The décor celebrates Florentine power — Vasari frescoes of victories over Siena and Pisa and Michelangelo’s Victory statue.
"Having originally been written off as a stop-gap solution, the new President seems to have acquired a surprisingly firm grip on the reins of <b>power</b>," the newspaper observed.
The most effective weapon used by American capital in weakening the power of organized labor has been to hire immigrant workers.
The wars of independence began in Oriente in the 1860s, and nearly a century later Castro concentrated his power base in the inaccessible Sierra Maestra.
But unlike Roosevelt, Rockefeller never developed the resilience to stay in power.
The remarkable feature of this ideal-bearing language is that it protects all persons within the power of the state—all those whom the state can touch with its legal <b>power</b>.
I SHALL BE COMING TO YOUR COUNTRY FOR AN OFFICIAL MEETING BY NEXT WEEK AND I WILL BE COMING ALONG WITH YOUR FUNDS OF ($12 Million Dollars) WITH ME BUT THIS TIME I WILL NOT GO THROUGH CUSTOMS BECAUSE AS AN AMBASSADOR TO NIGERIA, I AM A US GOVERNMENT AGENT AND I HAVE THE VETO POWER TO GO THROUGH CUSTOMS.
I've been with Enron since '97 and I relocated up to Connecticut to work with the New Power Company when I thought that the Enron employees would stay Enron employees.
Some say the reason Eros is not in many myths was because Psyche kept him home all the time – he went from being mischevious and abusing of his power to a well-loved man (god?
Some say the reason Eros is not in many myths was because Psyche kept him home all the time – he went from being mischevious and abusing of his power to a well-loved man (god?
She climbed down from the tree, using her stealth power to get next to the boy, running into step with him.
She'd known she had these powers all her life, but she didn't know they had names.
Leah knew about Melody's powers, as did Mr. Greyhem.
You note that attached to the email is a "legislative fix" to AB1X that cou= ld=20 solve the credit issue and an attached set of "taking points" related to a= =20 second alternative to solving the credit issue: a PUC order clarifying tha= t=20 DWR will get its money for power purchase costs.
p>A description of the credit issues that continue to impede DWR=01,s ability= to=20 sign contracts with power suppliers, and options to resolve them.
Two=20 possible options for addressing the credit issue are 1) a California PUC=20 order clarifying that DWR will recover its power purchase costs through=20 rates, and 2) an amendment to AB1X designed to accomplish the same goal.
p>Enron responded to the RFP issued by DWR to enter into power contracts with= =20 suppliers.
Enron is in active discussions with DWR to establish contract terms with th= e=20 goal of entering into a power purchase agreement as soon as possible.
Enron has proposed several options for resolving the credit risk issues and= =20 is working with DWR to arrive at a solution that is mutually agreeable to= =20 both sides and that might serve as a template for power purchase agreements= =20 going forward.
p>Ambiguous Ratemaking Authority The language in AB1X is ambiguous as to whether DWR has any authority to=20 charge California ratepayers for the costs of purchasing power.
As=20 such, suppliers have no assurance that the PUC will agree to include in rat= es=20 adequate charges to cover DWR=01,s costs of power purchases.
On the basis of such a finding, the CPUC could then ref= use to=20 allow DWR to collect from ratepayers the costs associated with its power=20 purchases.
Consequently, suppliers have no assurance that the PUC will agr= ee=20 to include in rates the charges to cover the costs of power contracts that= =20 DWR has entered into with suppliers.
Ambiguous Language Regarding the Ratemaking Mechanism that Will Be Used to= =20 Recover DWR=01,s Costs of Power Purchases In addition to the ambiguity regarding ratemaking and regulatory authority= =20 noted above, the language in the bill is equally ambiguous with respect to= =20 the specific ratemaking =01&mechanics=018 that AB1X directs the PUC to empl= oy to=20 permit DWR to recover its power purchase costs.
Ambiguous Language Regarding the Ratemaking Mechanism that Will Be Used to= =20 Recover DWR=01,s Costs of Power Purchases In addition to the ambiguity regarding ratemaking and regulatory authority= =20 noted above, the language in the bill is equally ambiguous with respect to= =20 the specific ratemaking =01&mechanics=018 that AB1X directs the PUC to empl= oy to=20 permit DWR to recover its power purchase costs.
Based on our analysis, it i= s=20 extremely difficult to determine how the PUC would design the rates to ensu= re=20 DWR recovers its power purchase costs.
Moreover, as currently drafted, it = is=20 difficult to determine whether AB1X would even permit the PUC to include in= =20 rates all of the charges necessary to fully recover DWR=01,s power purchase= =20 costs.
Again, this ambiguity raises significant credit risk concerns since= =20 suppliers have little assurance that DWR will have the ability to recover= =20 from ratepayers the costs of purchasing power.
p>Amend AB1X The amendments, which are attached to this email, would clarify that a) the= =20 PUC would accept as =01&prudent and reasonable=018 all purchase costs incur= red by=20 DWR, and b) the PUC is obligated to include in rates the charges necessary = to=20 ensure that DWR fully recovers its costs of power purchases.
Since the West relies more heavily upon hydroelectric power= =20 than other regions, reserves are particularly important, owing to the=20 unpredictability of the weather and the dry year the West has experienced t= o=20 date.
In the event of a low rain and snow period, the system must possess t= he=20 flexibility to respond to the reduced availability of power supply.
p>Increase supply--Legislative vehicle: SB28X (Sher) To site and construct a power plant in Texas takes approximately 2 years.
p>Buy-down demand California is tapping into an enormous amount of money from the General Fun= d=20 to finance DWR=01,s power purchases.
p>An internet based hour-ahead price posting system to track the market price= =20 for hour-ahead power in real time.
The ethics committee has the power to punish lawmakers with sanctions ranging from public or private letters of admonition to censure or expulsion.
Powell said his discussions with Mahathir "touched on the case" of his former deputy, Anwar Ibrahim, who is serving a 15-year sentence on charges of sodomy and abuse of power after trials that Powell said the United States had "always felt" were flawed.
Among these are rules governing emissions that limit visibility in the national parks, and rules governing pollution that drifts eastward from Midwestern power plants.
Two simultaneously operated motors will open and close the grippers, emulating the grasping power of the ant’s mandibles.
Pan-Mayan leaders therefore seek to develop a return to Maya as it was in its classical renaissance, a language of power and prestige (England 2003: 736).
But this claim is merely feel-good propaganda, intended to keep the neo-cons in power.
But that decree did not have the power of civil law behind it.
The relative stability of these channels in terms of their normal erosional activity and the shape and gradient of the channels, as related to relative sediment size, load, velocity of flow, and stream power, are also indicated in Figure 2.2.
It has been possible to develop these patterns experimentally by varying the gradient, sediment load, stream power, and the type of sediment load transported by the channel (Schumm and Kahn, 1972).
The pattern changes take place at critical values of stream power, gradient, and sediment load (Schumm and Kahn, 1972).
Sediment load, stream power, velocity increase with flume slope and a similar relation can be developed with these variables (from Schumm and Khan, 1972).
Figure 2.4 attempts to show sinuosity differences and how the pattern thresholds change with increasing valley slope, stream power and sediment load for each channel type.
The three major river types are controlled by type of sediment load, but within each type, the different patterns reflect increased valley slope, sediment load, and stream power.
Ware’s experiments showed that a sinuosity increase, which resulted in a slope decrease, was only part of the adjustment, and width, depth, and roughness adjusted to decrease velocity and stream power.
Micro-level activities gather the force and the power to shape macro-level processes and larger institutions.
Left to its own means, however, agency may cause strong hierarchies to reform, the balance of power to be lost, and, most importantly, the trust and co-operation necessary for people and information to move across boundaries to be forfeited.
Thus, the President directed EPA to propose legislation that would significantly reduce SO2, NOx, and mercury emissions from power generation through a cap and trade program.
The more I learn about the cost and inefficiencies of the current and future regulatory regime to which power generators will be subjected if we do not have new legislation, the more I am convinced that we can --and must -- develop a smarter approach that protects the environment and public health while reducing the cost to consumers and industry and optimizing the size of both the state and federal government machinery necessary to achieve that protection.
Significant cost savings can be achieved for power generators and consumers through a comprehensive legislative package.
I look forward to working with you to develop such an approach to reduce emissions from power generation.
We are concerned that S. 556's short timeframes for installation of controls could lead power plants to be taken off-line at important times, which could lead to electricity shortages.
Compliance with the program has been nearly 100 percent and annual emissions of SO2 from power plants have already been reduced over 6 million tons (about 35 percent) from 1980 levels.
Despite the significant progress we have made under the Clean Air Act, air emissions from power generators are still contributing to serious public health and environmental problems.
Fine particles formed from power plant emissions as well as mobile source emissions are of
EPA, states, and industry, working together, have made important strides in addressing the adverse impacts of fossil fuel combustion by the electric power industry since the passage of the Clean Air Act in 1970.
Despite significant improvements in air quality throughout the country however, emissions from power generation continue to result in serious health, environmental and economic impacts.
In 1999, the electric power industry was responsible for 67% of sulfur dioxide emissions, 25% of nitrogen oxide emissions, and 37% of mercury emissions in the United States.
The President's flexible, market-based approach to reducing emissions from power generators stands in sharp contrast to the complex web of existing regulations which currently confront the industry.
There are many regulations in place that will reduce air emissions from electric power generation.
But the regulation of power generators does not end with existing regulations.
It is expected that the existing fine particle and ozone standards now in place will also result in further regulation of power generators.
Because states and EPA will have to find some way to significantly reduce NOx and SO2 emissions, it is probable that power generators will be required to reduce their emissions significantly.
Power generation accounts for a significant percentage of these emissions, and our analysis shows that there are significant reductions available at lower cost than from other sources.
Additionally, states know that if they do not get the reductions from power generators, they will have to impose significant reduction requirements on other local industrial and commercial sources or impose local transportation control measures.
They will be reaching out to control power generators and large industrial facilities in other states because transport from other states contributes to both ozone and fine particle pollution in many areas.
This one-at-a-time, uncoordinated series of regulatory requirements for the power industry is not the optimal approach for the environment, the power generation sector, or American consumers.
This one-at-a-time, uncoordinated series of regulatory requirements for the power industry is not the optimal approach for the environment, the power generation sector, or American consumers.
It would provide power generators with more certainty about their regulatory future and thus allow them to make wiser decisions about investments in new technology, which would improve energy security.
It would establish national cap-and-trade programs for NOx, SO2 and mercury emissions from power generators (with appropriate measures to address local concerns).
Such an approach will benefit the power generation industry, the economy, and the states, while improving public health and the environment.
Integration, advance knowledge, and certainty regarding environmental requirements will have even greater value over the coming decade as the electric power industry undergoes further structural changes.
9 efficiency/energy intensity of the electric power industry
We share the desire expressed in S. 556 to significantly reduce and cap emissions of SO2, NOx and mercury from power generation.
We have not seen anything that demonstrates that every coal-fired power plant would be able to achieve 90% source-specific controls for mercury by 2007, without considerable fuel switching, which would be very disruptive to our economy and undermine energy security.
We are also very concerned about the "outdated power plant" provision.
Layering additional requirements, such as the "outdated power plants" provision, on top of a cap and trade program is very likely to increase costs without providing significant environmental benefits.
For example, depending on the ultimate cap levels chosen by Congress, this type of legislation would obviate the need for Best Available Retrofit Technology requirements, mercury MACT, and new source review case-by-case technology requirements for power generators.
Additionally, as Governor Whitman said when she testified before you in July, including CO2 in this bill will slow down, if not prevent, the consensus necessary for passage of legislation to control multiple emissions from power plants.
We appreciate the role of S. 556 in generating important discussions and emphasizing the importance of a new approach to controlling emissions in the power sector.
ccept the view that regulators lacked the power to protect the financial system. They had ample
power in many arenas and they chose not to use it. To give just 
ise the Commission that an industry of such wealth and power would exert pressure on policy makers and regulators. From 1999 to 200
With so much at stake for America's alcohol wholesalers and their protected monopoly status that props up unearned profits, it's no surprise they would swing for the fences with all their state-granted political power and attempt to pass H.R. 5034 .
Fact: Protection of a state’s power to regulate alcohol is not an “industry food fight.
But money gives us the POWER TO PROTECT AND DEFEND THE VOICELESS.
I only mention that because in 2002 I visited the city with the wife and, as you probably guessed, the real point of this post was to indulge in a bit of vicarious vacationing before returning to a stack of ungraded papers that no amount of actual grading seems to have the power to reduce.
No, I didn't actually build this one," said the beaver to the rabbit, as they stared up at the immense bulk of the Hydro-Electric Power Dam, "but it's based on an idea of mine.
Using the power generated by this giant buttered toast-cat array, a high-speed monorail could easily link New York with Chicago.
Living Without Power Windows - How To Turn A Crank 21.
Never underestimate the power of very stupid people in large groups.
JOHN HAMMOND (CONT'D) Before I leave you, I'd like to let you know I've done everything in my power to provide for the welfare and well being of the families of those souls lost on the islands.



 does not occur in the context of the scope of exclusive right, nor in the context of the power to secure. If 
 been grounded in their claim that the treaty power creates some special power. We 
 been grounded in their claim that the treaty power creates some special power. We 
that I'm suggesting is, here is a plain meaning of the term that gives effect to the constitutional limit in a way that assures that, in fact, the limit is respected, contrary to the Government's argument, which, in effect, permits Congress the power perpetually to extend terms. If 

, that's a -- that is a question to say whether there is any limiting when such a broad grant of power, authority is that -- Well
 and what -- but the definition of the term was a responsibility vested in Congress, because it has the power -- the legislative history of the 1998 act itself suggests what was going on here and suggests why the Framers gave this authority to Congress. The
 -- but the answer to that, Justice Ginsburg, I submit, is found in the Necessary and Proper Clause, and this Court's interpretation of the Necessary and Proper Clause as to the extent that this Court would find or not find that the judgment made by Congress with respect to the implementation of this very broad power is convenient or useful in terms of the achievement of the 2 goals. Okay
,
 were this the first time this Court had considered Congress's copyright authority, that might be a plausible argument, but the very first time this Court ever struck down a law of Congress as exceeding Article I, section 8 power was in the context of the Copyright Clause. We 
“You awaken a magical being of unknown power from an enchanted stone, having purchased her with your own blood from a slave dealer, and you name her ‘Amy’?”
Meetings of union officials and mill bosses were hurriedly set up in an attempt to persuade the powers that be to reconsider their statement.
The International chapter of the USWA had much more lobbying power, but they refused to support the local union members.
The Reorganization Act grants the Postal Service specific powers that serve as the operational tools of service innovation.
Oh, they may rail against you at first; they may decry you as a heathen or a literary savage; but while those in power say such things, others will read your tales and see their true worth.
but e-ink, wireless, low power, price, torrents...
Twitter Power - How to Dominate Your Market One Tweet at a Time http://bit.ly/VGKN RT @ericgrant: "grass-roots" The Corporate Lobbyists Behind the Tea Parties #tcot #p2 #teabagging #teaparty http://twurl.nl/4i1jp1 Patch day is full of server downtime and instability!
yes, and with responsibility, the perception of Power.
teaparty Solar Power from space!


Obtain a prosperous future, money-earning power, and the prestige that comes with havint the career position you've always dreamed of.
Try it here now and see obedience to your new male power in her eyes!
Portugal’s resulting near-monopoly of East–West trade understandably awakened the competitive instincts of other European powers.

Have you formed any guiding principles for exercising this enormous power?
So I think first and foremost our power ought to be wielded to in ways that form a more perfect union.
The power of example is America's greatest power in the world.
The power of example is America's greatest power in the world.
But our real power comes, I think, from our values.
And it's -- our nation stands alone right now in the world in terms of power, and that's why we have to be humble.
That there is some resentment of U.S. power.
But the fact that it is so strong enables us to project the power for good that America can represent.
Does that give us -- does our wealth, our good economy, our power, bring with it special obligations to the rest of the world?
Here we're talking at this stage in the game about diplomatic power that we have.
Well, when I got to be a part of the current administration, it was right after -- I was one of the few members of my political party to support former President Bush in the Persian Gulf War resolution, and at the end of that war, for whatever reason, it was not finished in a way that removed Saddam Hussein from power.
Let's go on to Milosevic and Yugoslavia, and it falls under the area of our military power.
Is this a legitimate use of our military power?
If you allow -- also allow -- convince states to -- allow states to allow the mother to match some of the children's health insurance money with it, the pool purchasing power.
Well, two to the power of the number of neurons.
Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier, the positive effects radiate throughout our community: The business community welcomes not only another worker, but a consumer with increased purchasing power.
They evaluated legislative options, eventually setting up a federal compensation fund and defining the powers of a special master to run it.
In Phase Three, the United States would carry out "decisive operations" using all elements of national power, including ground troops, to topple the Taliban regime and eliminate al Qaeda's sanctuary in Afghanistan.
The remarkable feature of this ideal-bearing language is that it protects all persons within the power of the state—all those whom the state can touch with its legal <b>power</b>.
The Civil War enabled Americans of different cultural strains, some with power, others without, to see themselves as compatriots of a single nation.
It can be presented as a higher power.
But his painting felt more real than what had come before it, because it was bigger and wider and more maniacally detailed, and because every brushstroke contributed to the general sense of the water's ferocious power as it rushed to the edge.
Figure 1shows the simulated power curves (for two-sample t tests) with respect to different α levels (i.e.
Banal conclusion: He's a fun-loving, good-hearted guy, but he has done as much as anyone to build a system where money buys political power.
The statistical power of the sample size was approved by the AHCPR.
In 1967, the military took the reins of power in Athens, and until 1974, the “Colonels” held sway with a repressive and brutal regime.
The anti-draft protestors who trumpeted "Power to the <b>People</b>" were college-educated elitists themselves, and these rebels of yesteryear now embrace the system as today's leaders.
In general, this is just a mapping on the power set in which “machine bundles” act on input bundles to yield output bundles; that is, the set of possible input bundles, machines, and output bundles is the set of possible mappings of the <b>power</b> set into itself.
In 1936, the state set up the Vieux Carré Commission with powers to protect buildings of architectural value.
Assuming an unmatched case control design with alpha = 0.05 and beta = 0.80, post-hoc power analysis was performed to determine the minimum detectable relative risk detectable with the given sample size [ 24].
In an age when national power inheres less and less frequently--or, at any rate, less and less legitimately--in the hands of an all-powerful individual, the adoption of a symbolic personal name by way of an aggrandizing personal epithet has sadly fallen out of favor.
Following this, ancient Egyptians believed that the monument possessed prophetic powers and it still has a mysterious hold on the modern psyche.
The goal of the data simulation was to generate data sets thatexhibit gene-gene interactions for the purpose of evaluating theclassification error, prediction error, and power of GPNN and atraditional BPNN.
Some have argued that because Kosovo represents such a huge commitment of U.S. power, it can't be compared to, say, Lebanon or the Bay of Pigs.
While Florentine art developed its formidable intellectual and emotional power, the tone of Sienese painting — Simone Martini, the Lorenzettis, even the Mannerist Sodoma — remained gentle and delicate, bathed in the light and color of its surrounding countryside.
He is trying to build genuinely national institutions that can overcome the tradition of allocating powers among ethnic communities.
The main story examines life for homosexuals in America: Gays and lesbians are more accepted, according to polls, and exercise more political power, but right-wing opposition has <b>become</b> more focused.
Since there are choices at each of positions, the number of possible proteins of length is raised to the th power, or approximately raised to the th <b>power</b>, .
Under the yoke of another foreign power, and with trade at an all time low, the Golden Age was truly dead.
Numerous Supreme Court precedents recognize a broad and encompassing power in Congress to engage in oversight and investigation.
With these designs, Hood developed the distinctly American approach to skyscrapers that would influence Van Alen and a generation of skyscraper designers: tall buildings conceived as Nietzschean symbols of corporate power or, to put it more mundanely, architecture as advertising.
He became involved in a <b>power</b> struggle with Columbus’s son, Diego, who through his father’s will had claims on the <b>island</b>.
The LAT leads its story with the big picture: Hashimoto will become the third Asian leader in less than a year to be toppled from <b>power</b> by the region's economic crisis.
The resistance to an encroaching foreign culture, the loss of political and economic power, feelings of social marginality, and the resulting conflict of cultures all contributed to the creation of folklore in the form of legends, jokes, and songs by the Chicano <b>people</b>.
The task of rebuilding fell to the power behind the throne, an ambitious and tyrannical minister known as Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, best remembered as the Marquês de Pombal.
Real-estate moguls, the only folks who made real money in D.C. until recently, were shut out of power Washington-except for sports team owners Jack Kent Cooke and Abe Pollin.
Richelieu’s major achievement was the greater centralization of royal power, laying the foundations of the strong sense of national identity that has characterized France ever since.
Belief in her power as a mediator for the oppressed has prompted faithful followers to carry her image into battle for over 400 years.
Jerusalem’s physical existence as a spiritual city seemed finished, but its spiritual power for Jews, and for the struggling new Christian religion, remained.
Political and economic power resided with non-Hawaiians.
During the American War of Independence, Jamaica came under threat again from other European powers, which saw Britain’s problem to the north as a chance to capture its colonies in the Caribbean.
The glance or power of a stronger person causes an adverse consequence on the weaker person, who is often a baby or a child.
A new coalition, they hoped, would break the power of the landed élite and bring about a social revolution in the South.
After the Communists took power, they decided to revive the small, sleepy city as a model industrial center.
Bermuda’s Senate has no legislative powers and is rather more of a debating forum; its sessions can be observed on Wednesdays.
To celebrate his unification of Japan after more than a century of civil war, Hideyoshi had made the castle the country’s greatest fortress, so the Tokugawa felt obliged to destroy it in 1615 after snatching power away from Hideyoshi’s heir.
By the 17th century, after repeated forays, infiltrations, and invasions, forces from Manchuria capitalized on domestic upheavals in China to take <b>power</b> in Beijing, almost by default.
The entire constitutional structure drafted in 1787 needed revamping but, without a compelling theory to guide them, the political powers in Congress settled for the modest demand in the Fifteenth Amendment that the states not deny the franchise “on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.”
Because of its dramatic location and the fairytale turrets of its Gothic-Renaissance architecture, the Frontenac is one of the most charmingly bombastic of all the many grand hotels that the Canadian Pacific and Canadian National railways put up across the country as symbols of their commercial power.
This is most noticeably clear in dictatorial societies where legal debate is reduced to little more than efforts to placate the powers that be.
“People <b>power</b>” began to exert its influence which ensured that, in Amsterdam at least, progress did not mean sweeping away the past.
Roman power extended throughout the Mediterranean with a victory in the Punic Wars against Carthage (now Tunisia) and conquests in Macedonia, Asia Minor, Spain, and southern France.
In 1871, by a combination of military annexation, diplomacy and bribery, Otto von Bismarck was able to unify the northern and southern German states in the Imperial Reich, with Prussia as its central power.
A period of regional civil wars and power struggles among rival warlords ensued.
These retablos may be painted for a specific saint in gratitude for a favor granted, or in praise of the powers of the saint.
The 1500s were a time of prosperity, power, and cultural and scientific achievement for the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
And that number is very large indeed, for it is on the order of N. Say there are particles in the Earth system, a very crude guess, then the total number of adjacent possible microstates is about raised to the to the st power.
The journey brings home the true power and wonder of nature.
It was not until 1128, when Dom Afonso Henríques became the Count of Portucale, that the struggle to regain <b>power</b> met with any real success.
The story of the sexual activity is disturbing, given the power imbalances between the participants, but the story is a tawdry one, and most well-mannered <b>people</b> would just as soon not have to hear about it, especially since the "victim" is not making any complaint.
While facing the challenges of an ever-growing population that may outnumber even that of China by the beginning of the next century, India remains the largest democracy and one of the top ten industrial powers in the world.
This observation implies that experiments with pooling have greater power than those without pooling for a fixed number of chips, when conditions are comparable (i.e.
She ushered in (or, more accurately, restored) an era in which political power was seized not through backroom deals and exchanges of money but through cause-based kudos-accumulation.
In 1846, during the course of an unsavory palace intrigue involving an unsolved murder, meddling by the queen, and the massacre of some 100 high-ranking court figures who had been lured to a palace courtyard, the instigator of these events became the <b>power</b> behind the throne.
For example, a set of four chloroplast genomes (Figures 2and 3) and a set of five mitochondrion genomes (data not shown) from evolutionary divergent sets of organisms were run independently to demonstrate the power and capabilities of CoreGenes.
Event --"On Cultural Power: The Wilson-Brustein Discussion."
It was finally put down by the intervention of all the great powers, which joined together in an unprecedented alliance.
Notice that power curve 7 is not very far from <b>power</b> curve 8, with only one third the number of chips being used.
The tobacco cartel also fractured in 1996 when the runt of the litter, Liggett, sensed the power shifting and cut a separate deal.
Believing in the benevolent power of the saints and developing a special relationship with one particular saint is still a common habit.
The British Labour Party supported the return of domestic policy-making power to Scotland.
It is tough slogging, but for the first time I sense that this commission--though divided, underfunded, timid, and without any power beyond exhortation--isn't entirely useless.
It drew its power from religious claims about the humanity of all human beings, and its leaders found their solace in psalms and prayers.
When the Ottoman Empire crumbled in the aftermath of the war, Egypt declared itself an independent kingdom, but real power remained in London.
An overview of the simulations performed is given in Table 1and 2. For the purpose of evaluating the relative difference in statistical power between the intersection test and the two marker test, the estimated statistical <b>power</b> of the two marker test was subtracted from that of the intersection test for each of the parameter combinations investigated, and a t -test [ 9 ] was performed to test the null hypothesis that the mean difference in <b>power</b> was zero.
The model of the Hebrews’ deliverance from servitude and their ensuing acceptance of God’s law at Mount Sinai have repeatedly appealed to dominant powers of the West and often to opposite sides of the same conflict.
Hopes of setting up a constitutional monarchy were quickly dashed, and Spain was plunged into a century of power struggles at home.
A third approach is to select follow-up times based on maximum power given parameter estimates from previous trials and the effect size that one would like to detect [ 16 ] .
The Power and the Word
7 In the postbellum institutional shakeup, however, the Court would become more aggressive in exercising its <b>power</b> to overrule decisions by other agencies of government.
In 1967 a military dictatorship seized power in Greece.
Notice that power of (n25c5) ≈ <b>power</b> of (n20c20), which suggests that by randomly pooling RNA samples from 5 subjects onto one chip with equal contributions, we can decrease number of chips needed per group from 20 to 5 while number of subjects per group only needs to be increased from 20 to 25.
Perhaps rightly, few of them believe there's enough money, security, fame, power, and love to go around.
She was a remarkable woman, gaining power as regent for the young Tutmosis II — her stepson — before usurping it for herself by claiming divine right to rule.
The WP and LAT front their own election stories--an above-the-fold WP piece says that a shift in Congressional power is unlikely, though the Republicans may well gain several Senate seats.
The Civil War enabled Americans of different cultural strains, some with power, others without, to see themselves as compatriots of a single nation.
As the Romans took control of Athens they embellished the site with small additions, but the wake of Christianity and the decline of Roman power saw the Acropolis vulnerable to attack, theft, and vandalism.
You apparently represent the same money powers that are seeking to destroy the representative nature of our government.
This was sufficient for the state to bar her admission, and the Supreme Court, with only one justice dissenting, thought this was an acceptable exercise of state power.
Mameluke power was taken by Ottoman Turks in 1517, but little changed on a day-to-day basis as the Turks preferred to use local <b>people</b> to control their more remote dominions.
4. Repeat steps 2-3 5,000 times for each combination of p 1 and p 2 . Estimate statistical power as the percentage of simulations in which the null hypothesis was rejected.
He sees the power center of the future, and he wants to dominate it.
Towards the end of the first millennium the land we now call the Netherlands was ruled by a number of feudal lords — assorted counts, dukes, and bishops who had total power over the land and the <b>people</b> who lived on it.
As demonstrated in the case of diabetic nephropathy [ 74 ] , the discordant sibling pair approach can have greater power than the concordant sibling pair approach in certain situations.
The protagonist, Roy (Ben Stiller), calls himself Mr. Furious because his anger supposedly gives him powers undreamt of by mere mortals.
President Johnson himself identified with the class of small white farmers in Tennessee, who felt threatened by the potential rise of black political power in the South.
In 1972, however, the left-wing PNP was elected with a massive majority but with little change in the economic power of the <b>people</b>.
Using an analogy, we can say that the case study analyst seeks to explain 100 percent of the variance by relying on a data base that includes more variables than most quantitative studies can accommodate, over more points in time, and on a method that draws on the integrative powers of the mind, which computers do not have.
Those inhabiting English's linguistic core may find the phrase cloying, but its popularity in finance and sport, and in the English spoken by non-native speakers, suggests that its colonizing power remains robust.
After his wife’s death, Jagiello ruled both Poland and Lithuania for nearly half a century, establishing a dynasty that would remain in power until 1572.
For the next several years the pendulum of power in Spain swung back and forth between Left and Right.
Thus "inequity" (or, more accurately, "insufficient redistributive power") is not a good .
His decisions, particularly in the early stages of the war, suggest a willingness to assert extraconstitutional executive power and, thus, to permit the exigencies of war to restructure the government.
But Britain backed this vested interest with tough diplomacy and a powerful navy, while Louis XIV was too wrapped up in his European power plays to pay much attention to French Canada.
In general, the required sample size depends on several factors: the true magnitude of the change of gene expression (say, d ), the desired statistical power (that is, probability) ( ) to detect the change, and the specified Type I error rate ( ). The problem of how to calculate the number of replicates for any given triplet ( d , , ) is equivalent to that of how the <b>power</b> depends on the pair ( d , ) and the number of replicates, which we consider in the paper.
Economic terms and concepts, on the other hand, have been absorbed into ordinary English by the dozens, mainly for their sheer descriptive power.
After six years of power, General Oscar Carmona appointed his finance minister, António de Oliveira Salazar, to be Prime Minister, a position he was to hold until 1968.
The weaknesses of the approach are its relative lack of power and the low resolution of the linkage peaks identified.
The solution is obvious: If you want elected officials who put principle ahead of power, voting for women gives you better odds.
The Khedive Ismael had extravagant plans for numerous great works that were to be financed by Western European powers, but when he <b>became</b> stuck in a financial quagmire, they insisted on bringing in their own advisors to control key institutions.
Parker is remembered as "a larger-than-life field general who could wield the entire arsenal of the magazine to tell a story with power, insight and drama."
 awesome quality. A mighty power and grandeur emanates from these great mountains, holy to the <b>people</b> who live in their shadow. Whether you’re trekkin
In power, the yin reasserts itself.
Spanish internal affairs became the concern of other great <b>powers</b> after Charles II died in 1700 without heirs.
Today, feminism remains a bad word, but Republicans have adjusted their philosophy of motherhood to accommodate women's political power (hence their attention to "soccer moms").
Unlikely as it seems now, at one time these sugar islands were close to center stage as the great <b>powers</b> of Europe warred fiercely for world commercial domination.
The Power of Doubled Words
Still there was little change in conditions for the black majority, who had no economic or political power.
Tests with broadband dipoles and different power levels showed that the output signal of the ITREL-III abruptly failed (inhibition) when the interference level was exceeded.
The Independent of London concluded that the "episode only shows how abnormal a state Russia remains, utterly unschooled in the orderly democratic transfer of constitutional power."
8 Because inner cities retained a high proportion of lower income families, increased purchasing power for shelter, food, and clothing shifted to the suburbs.
The Ottoman Sultan agreed to his request and he set about establishing his power base.
If Congress "would not have enacted those provisions which are within its power, independently of that which is not," then courts must strike the provisions as a piece.
In 1973, Congress reasserted itself by passing the War Powers Resolution over Nixon's veto.
The southernmost monument is the Circular Altar (Yuan Qiu), an open platform dating from 1530 where silk was once burned as a sacrifice to the heavenly powers.
Thus, we could detect an SNP allele frequency of 0.70 in cases and 0.45 in controls with 80% power.
No, the bond here is Banquo's lease on life and his fatherhood, with great alluding to the supernatural powers of the witches, especially the Third Witch.
The House of Orange (with a power base around the small town in France) had claim to lands in the Low Countries, and one member, William the Silent, began to organize opposition to Spanish rule.
For example, assigning the cost of power to machine activities by machine hours is an allocation because machine hours are an indirect measure of <b>power</b> consumption.
Eventually his power was restored, and he threw Mount Aetna on top of the independent counsel, ah, monster.
The dissent, written by Justice Harlan, explicitly addressed the problem of unequal bargaining <b>power</b> between owners and bakers:
The moving power behind this unrivaled time of greatness, which has come to be known as the Golden Age, was Pericles.
After the power functions for many possible mk replicates have been obtained, we can determine an appropriate number of replicates by considering all the factors involved, the desired <b>power</b> and Type I error rate, the targeted expression changes and other experimental constraints.
With the Dutch concentrating once more on Java and the Moluccas in the 18th century, the Bugis took advantage of the vacuum by raiding Perak and Kedah, imposing their chieftains in Selangor and becoming the <b>power</b> behind the throne in Johor.
[ 22 23 ] However, this categorization reduces the power to detect small associations between fetal exposures and birth weight, unless there is a change in the relationship exactly at the arbitrary cutpoint.
Asked if he was concerned about the increased concentration of economic power, Greenspan replied, "No."
The strong spiritual faith in the power of particular saints was frowned upon by the American church and considered to be an “exaggerated superstitious” belief (Dolan and Hinojosa, 57).
In ancient times Corinth rivaled Athens in its power and influence.
More generally, conspiracism (as Middle East scholar Daniel Pipes calls it) flourishes during turbulent times--revolutions in particular--when long-established orders seem imperiled by uncontrollable events, endangered powers imagine secret plots to undermine them, and the dispossessed worry about persecution.
However Ayyubid control was weak and power was usurped by their Turkish slaves, called mamelukes, who succeeded in founding a dynasty that lasted from 1251 to 1517.
When World War II ended, Orwell became preoccupied with Stalin's <b>power</b> grab in Eastern Europe and the way those whom he saw as dishonest intellectuals in the West were abetting it.
This 2N set is called the “power set” of the N symbol strings.
Huge representations of rulers like Ramses II illustrate the power held by the throne and by the cult of personality, though there are also tiny sculptures such as a bust of Queen Hatschepsut, which may have stood on a mantle or in a niche, showing that Egyptians were not just fixated by the epic and monumental.
Behind the inflated rhetoric, the Franklin panel has only a slim mandate and little power.
The basic freedoms protected in the first Ten Amendments, ratified in 1791, include freedom of speech and the press, freedom of religion, the right to bear arms, the right to privacy against state intrusion in one’s home and papers, and a plethora of rights designed to protect suspects of crime against the federal government’s power to investigate and prosecute.
The historic heart of Amsterdam has remained unchanged mainly because of people <b>power</b>.
Yesterday, the Clinton administration said exporting encryption is okay, while it also gave law enforcement increased power to combat criminal uses of computers, although not as much as had been contemplated in several working drafts of the decision.
The subsequent power struggle at first split the country into two imperial courts, and then effective control of Japan was splintered for two centuries among scores of daimyo (feudal warlords).
It results from the sovereign power of the Government to directly create money and, although not an inflow of resources from the public, does increase the Government's net position in the same manner as an inflow of resources.
The news was greeted with half-hosannas, since it further establishes the fact that the real power in Northern California is in Silicon Valley, not San Francisco.
Speaking for the majority favoring the autonomy of state power there was Justice Samuel Miller, appointed to the Court by Lincoln in 1862, and on the other side, we encounter three passionate opinions expressing sympathy for the plight of the independent butchers.
The power struggle, with strong overtones of absolutism versus liberalism, excited the interest and intervention of other <b>powers</b>.
If the goal is to show comparability to usual care, then studies must provide adequate statistical power to show that the lack of a difference truly exists.
Your writing has the <b>power</b> to evoke strong visual images in the mind's eye and for that very reason I feel you should show restraint when reviewing a film early in its release.
Through their buying power, traditional retailers could dramatically lower the direct costs of procurement and, in the process, usurp the role of wholesalers in the apparel distribution system.
He appeased the other provinces by conceding important new powers in shared-cost programs, immigration, and appointments to the Supreme Court and Senate.
This part of the <b>power</b> stroke is called “adiabatic expansion.”
Its prized possessions are two: the haunting Volto Santo (Holy Face), a wooden crucifix said to have been carved by Nicodemus and possessing miraculous powers; and the graceful white marble tomb of Ilaria del Carretto Guinigi by master Sienese sculptor Jacopo de lla Quercia (1408) in the former sacristy.
Meanwhile, DeLay will retain the only true power base in the House Republican Caucus: a 60-odd member whip organization, the best access to corporate campaign contributions, and a fearsome personality.
With the assassination in April 1865 of the man who had preached a new order of ideas, the United States became a country obsessed with <b>power</b>.
This phenomenon must be considered in calculations of sample size and power during design of future trials, and also may influence how clinical and regulatory bodies interpret trial results.
The self-styled "awkward old maid," immune to the blandishments of Beltway power, is supposedly the beefy substance of this superficial government.
When = 20%, the naive method has slightly better power when bias is absent.
[S]aying that our only hope is to cultivate a kind of stoned aesthetic detachment whereby even a man with his brains blown out becomes an object of beauty and a signpost to a Higher <b>Power</b>.
Major Horace Bell (1927) states: “In any country in America except the United States, the bold defiance of the power of the government, a half year’s successful resistance, a continuous conflict with the military and civil authorities and the armed populace—the writer repeats that in any other country in America other than the United States—the operations of Joaquín Murrieta would have been dignified by the title of revolution, and the leader with that of rebel chief.
De facto power was exercised by the militarily and economically strongest family.
A nationwide poll that the LAT plays big both in an off-lead story and a big top-of-the-page graphic suggests that by a large margin Americans support the use of force against Iraq and additionally think the purpose of an airstrike should be to remove Saddam Hussein from <b>power</b>.
The Court had assumed the power to declare federal and state laws unconstitutional ever since Chief Justice John Marshall so interpreted our basic charter in 1803.
Roads are refreshingly free of traffic; a prime source of motive power is still the tiny ponies pulling unlikely loads in two-wheeled traps.
Although we can point to these cases, it is important to realize that for most of the scenarios no difference in power was observed (see Figure 1).
The end of the Philadelphia Declaration resonates with another invocation of a higher power: “with a firm reliance on the protection of Divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor.”
Power Gel's consistency was like a more viscous yogurt.
Armed with almost absolute powers, Solon produced a constitution advancing the ideal of equality before the law for citizens of all classes, set up a trial-by-jury system, freed the peasantry from debt to landowners, and introduced far-sighted reforms that revived the languishing economy.
The monarchies regrouped to force him from power in 1814.
From an enforcement perspective, the SEC has certain civil enforcement powers that it can use to address violations of the nation's securities laws.
Rather than swallow Saddam's bluster about inspections and sanctions, the U.S. should actively pursue the removal of Saddam from power.
It was the seat of power for anyone who ruled the region, control of which passed from Scotland to England many times over the centuries.
It is superior to the single-step methods proposed by Bonferroni and Šidák by allowing different p values to be adjusted differently; therefore the power of the procedure is improved.
And conservatives, who are generally skeptical of the power of government, would do well to ponder the analogies between Prohibition and the drive for prayer in the schools or the criminalization of flag burning.
A strong independence party, the Wafd, gained political power during the 1920s and <b>became</b> a prominent <b>force</b> throughout the next few decades.
In this paper, we addressed the question of how many replicates are needed to achieve adequate power while considering an efficient technical procedure that is applicable in microarray experiments.
Kael called Mean Streets "a triumph of personal film-making," and even though it may be the single most imitated movie of the past 30 years--cf The Pope of Greenwich Village, State of Grace, Federal Hill, Boyz N the Hood , etc.--it has lost remarkably little of its freshness and power.
The Vandals, who destroyed almost all evidence of the Roman occupation, settled in North Africa, becoming a sea <b>power</b>.
The goal of image-based patient selection is to narrow the range of patient characteristics, leading to a more homogeneous sample, reducing within-group variance, and increasing the statistical power of the experimental design to demonstrate efficacy.
Perhaps the very brevity of Lincoln’s words lent them additional power.
It has a fine central portal with reliefs of Old Testament scenes on its pilasters sculpted with great dignity and power by Siena-born master Jacopo della Quercia.
In Russia Tuesday, Izvestiya published a rare interview with President Boris Yeltsin in which he said he will retire next year when his current term of office ends and hand over power to a successor elected by the <b>people</b>.
The individual state governments must not only guarantee due process for all persons within their jurisdiction, they must also secure “the equal protection of the laws” for all to whom their power extends.
One Kwakiutl giant accompanied by two slaves, emphasizing the homeowner’s power and prestige, originally supported a massive central roof beam.
Utah Jazz power forward Karl Malone.
Yet, the Constitution of 1787 studiously avoids any word suggestive of a power higher than the will of the <b>people</b>.
In recent elections, power has alternated between parties backing the status-quo and those preferring even closer ties with the United States, though a referendum in 1998 defeated a move towards statehood.
Its subject isn't the power of "enchantment" but the <b>power</b> of Benigni to celebrate, Jerry Lewis-like, his own beautiful martyrdom.
Expatriate Cubans settled in nearby Florida, establishing a colony that would steadily gain in political and economic power.
The results of this study show that a population of even 200 subjects lacks the needed statistical power since the modest statistical associations are well below the standards set for the reporting of true association [ 88 ] . In order to adhere strictly to these guidelines, <b>power</b> estimates suggest that N = 600 subjects will be needed to reach these criteria for genetic studies of executive attention using the ANT.
In a familiar pattern, we have Grolsch bringing up the rear, with less than one-quarter the Taste-o-meter power of Busch , the No.
Elaborate carvings on the walls of both buildings depict Amenophis making offerings to the gods in thanks for his divine power.
The payments made by Federal employees are in the nature of taxes, compulsory payments demanded by the Government through the exercise of its power to compel payment.
Much of the power of his bilious attacks comes from a righteous Christian sense of sin.
Sweden had become the strongest military <b>power</b> in Europe after the Thirty Years’ War, and in the mid-17th century, it set its expansionist sights on Poland.
Now they are saying Bill Clinton's coattails might just be long enough for the Democrats to ride back into power.
By 1204 Dublin Castle was the center of English administrative power in Ireland.
One of photography's most terrible strengths is its power to accuse.
The paradox is that while a deal would shore up Newt's position, he hasn't got enough power to negotiate one.
An institution emerged to articulate and preserve this myth of autonomous states enjoying residual powers under the Tenth Amendment, and that institution was the Supreme Court.
The liberal constitution, the oldest in the modern world after that of the United States, provided for the separation of powers among legislative, judicial and executive branches of the government.
Next, we consider the effects of both aspects on statistical power.
There was no economic infrastructure outside the plantation system, and power remained in the hands of a small minority of white and mixed-race individuals.
An overview of the simulations performed is given in Table 1and 2. For the purpose of evaluating the relative difference in statistical power between the intersection test and the two marker test, the estimated statistical <b>power</b> of the two marker test was subtracted from that of the intersection test for each of the parameter combinations investigated, and a t -test [ 9 ] was performed to test the null hypothesis that the mean difference in <b>power</b> was zero.
After all, he fervently participated in the anti-Vietnam movement, and the War Powers Resolution was a great triumph of that movement.
Theodore Parker, among other devout leaders of the movement, preached against “the Slave Power” in tones that made one think that the devil was marching into the new territories.
Even if you don’t believe in its mystic powers, jade’s aesthetic appeal cannot be denied.
It vanishes as soon as the subject turns to the Internet and its alleged power to transform our lives.
A President with honorary (rather than political) powers is chosen by an Electoral Assembly of parliamentary and regional representatives.
Figure 11shows the E field distribution for 1800 MHz at a transmit power of 0.14 W, which corresponds to the observed interference level at 1800 MHz.
Last week, the NYT reported that for the first time ever the U.S. military has asked for the power to take charge in the case of major terrorist strikes on American soil.
During his rule, Balinese power, culture, and influence reached a peak, with a boom in temple building and the associated crafts of sculpture and woodcarving.
The existence of at least eight hypervariable loci exponentially increases the discriminative power of the assay for the characterization of closely related strains beyond the biovar level.
We do not pay taxes for any one reason, nor do we have veto power over particular expenditures.
She, too, is deified and in a façade of six colossi 111/2 m (38 ft) high stands at equal height to her husband — a very rare honor for a consort in Egypt — though his statues outnumber hers by 2:1, a more subtle indication of his supreme power.
Money hasn't supplanted power but may have matched it.
Were these restrictions on the butchering trade an “involuntary servitude” as prohibited by the Thirteenth Amendment, or were they a violation of the “privileges and immunities” of citizenship, either state or federal, or an infringement against the state’s duty to accord all persons subject to its power both due process of law and the equal protection of the laws?
The Germans responded by installing in power a Hungarian fascist group called the Arrow Cross.
A minimum significance level for type I errors (alpha) of P < 0.0001 is based on the recommendations of Lander and Kruglyak [ 88 ] . Using a computer-based power determination algorithm, a minimum sample size of N = 600 is required to achieve a <b>power</b> of 95%.
If the Chinese leadership under President Jiang Zemin emerges more confident of its power, this will give Hong Kong more leeway to run its own affairs.
Power calculations were performed using GraphPad StatMate version 1.01i (GraphPad Software).
It is a syndrome, a folk illness, believed to be transmitted by certain individuals, witches, some think, who have a special power.
Agricultural machinery such as coffee bean huskers can be seen in the original buildings, and the water mill and canals, which harnessed the power of the Canas River, are now in working order.
Praising Alan Greenspan's record as he embarks on a fourth term as its chairman, the FT said, however, that "the concentration of so much policymaking power in the hands of one individual does not constitute international best practice.
25 For the government to serve as the vanguard of a new constitutional order, the people must trust officials in Washington with additional <b>powers</b> and run the risk of governmental abuse.
When Roman power split in two, the eastern <b>Byzantine</b> Empire inherited the <b>island</b> (though its hold on <b>islands</b> in the south of its dominion were, in reality, nominal).
For morphometric traits such as brain weight, with narrow sense heritabilities of around 0.5, 100 RI strains will provide a level of precision and power that is conservatively equivalent to that of 600-1,000 F2 intercross progeny.
The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here have consecrated it far above our poor power to add or detract.
In August 1992 the Progressive Liberal Party, still headed by Lynden O. Pindling, was toppled by the Free National Movement after 25 years in power.
Will the 21st century see still more diversification of English and encouragement of that diversity or more standardization and conformity to the medium employed by major industrial powers?
Lured by the promise of treasure galleons and stores of ammunition, some pirates worked independently; others, however, were employed by the various European crowns, particularly the British, to help carry on their power struggles in the colonial world.
In principle the power of pooling studies can be improved by creating multiple pools from the same individuals (reducing pool-formation errors) and multiple measurement of allele frequencies (reducing the pool-measurement error).
When the first Tarzan books were published, the British Empire ruled the waves, the United States had recently joined the ranks of imperial powers, and white supremacy was the norm in the United States and throughout the world.
Given a set of possible initial lisp expressions, say, N diVerent expressions, the diVerent subsets, or bundles, that are possible are just two raised to the Nth power.
Süleyman, known in Turkish as Kanuni (The Lawgiver), reigned from 1520 to 1566, during which period the empire attained the height of its wealth and power.
Rod Cross, a tennis-obsessed Australian physicist, went to the lab to figure out the science behind Pete Sampras' power serve.
The citizen should be able to address representatives of the U.S. government in person, make claims against the higher power, and receive its protection as a citizen abroad or on the high seas.
There were once more than 70 towers — erected as symbols of its merchants’ power and prestige — until the town’s Florentine conquerors ordered them dismantled in the 14th century.
Second, although it is amongst the largest studies analyzing of genetic differences based on carcinogen exposure, the sample size remains small limiting statistical power to detect existing differences.
The St. Petersburg Times said that "Yeltsin's problem seems to be that he wants to be remembered as having overseen the first democratic transfer of political power in Russia--but at the same time doesn't want to give up <b>power</b>.
Despite the distraction of the constant crowds (quiet is requested), visitors seem to yield to the power of Michelangelo’s ceiling, and his Last Judgement (restored in 1994).
For CASP4, predictions were made with computing power 1/4th of the capability shown.
I was as least equally interested in--and impressed by--Cook's awareness of how much Eleanor came to savor power.)
As in the economic context, power tends toward exploitation.
Nonetheless, since ancient times the Dead Sea has been known for its healing powers.
The nation as a prepolitical reality finds its embodiment in the apparatus of state power.
The missionary influence waned, and the royal court asserted its power, as well as its love of luxury.
The discriminatory power of the different CTX isoforms or CTX ratios in distinguishing groups from controls was assessed using T or Z scores (i.e.
What a concentration of worldwide power!
The most important are clustered around three adjoining squares: the triangular Piazza della Cisterna named after the city’s 13th-century travertine well, surrounded by elegant palaces; the Piazza del Duomo, grouping church and town hall as the center of civic and religious power; and the Piazza delle Erbe ­market place with twin Salvucci towers.
For the African American group, we generally have power for relatively high-frequency polymorphisms in controls (approximately 45%-50%) and detectable differences of 40% in cases (0.
Would you like the power to drive nine hundred <b>people</b> to collective suicide like Jim Jones?
First, the federal and state governments used powers of enforcement to seek compliance with labor standards.
As the center of power shifted from Athens to Alexandria, Macedonian troops occupied Athens twice — first in 322 and then in 262 b.c.
The Federal Reserve was established by Act of Congress pursuant to the Government's sovereign power over the nation's money, and its investment in Treasury securities is necessary for carrying out its monetary function.
Sports junkies hoard trivia for the same reason political junkies lock their remotes on C-SPAN and Hollywood obsessives salivate over the Academy Awards pre-game show: Power.
The argument was close, but in the end the advocates of state power won in the Supreme Court the battle they could not win on the killing fields.
Despite the symbolic gesture, Castile, the power center of Spain, exclusively exploited New World riches, excluding Barcelona for 300 years.
The remaining 20 parameter combinations showed 10 as having no difference in statistical power, while the remaining 10 favored the intersection test.
Nelson Rockefeller was born into a family of such wealth, power, and influence that it's hard to understand how he could have been so perennially eager to please.
Other European powers began to put pressure on the defending <b>forces</b>, and British naval <b>power</b> in the area was badly stretched.
One antagonist says Putin was dubbed "Stasi" (the name of the former East German secret service) for wielding behind-the-scenes power.
Land was divided into provinces and prefectures, with power vested in a central government staffed by highly educated bureaucrats.
The Wall Street Journal "Outlook" observes, "In the U.S. job market, the balance of power is shifting to employees from employers," and states that "the retention frenzy was triggered in <b>part</b> by previous waves of corporate downsizing," which left behind survivors who took stock of career options and used Internet job listings and intensified recruiting to land better offers, which in turn led to counter-offers and higher salaries.
Power never needs to draw on the considerable first-aid and emergency training that every attendant must master.
NEPOOL - New England Power Pool
We're going to go broke buying all these power tools.")
One bets that Schumpeterian gales of creative destruction come in a power law distribution, with many small avalanches and few large ones.
Power never needs to draw on the considerable first-aid and emergency training that every attendant must master.
The endogenists, including me, admit some big rocks plummeted but note the power law distribution in the size of extinction events, with many small ones and few large ones, and see in these signs self-organized criticality models, discussed in the next chapter, in which many small and few large extinction events arise from the endogenous coevolutionary behavior of ecosystems.
Germany and Italy supplied Franco’s Nationalists with arms and air power, and the Soviet Union gave aid to Spain’s communists.
With fast-moving tanks and superior air power, the Germans reached Paris 30 days later.
A full-blown textile industry therefore blossomed in New England, fostered by the region’s access to abundant water power, capital, mechanical skills, and a hardworking labor <b>force</b>.
Environmental and public health problems resulting from power generation emissions include:
It is we humans who conceived and built the intricate assembly of chips and logic gates that constitute a computer, typically we humans who program it, and we humans who contrived the entire power grid that supplies the electric <b>power</b> to run the computer itself.
Nothing in this title shall be construed to interfere with or impair any program for competitive bidding for power supply in a State in which such program is established.
Therefore, in such networks a percolating frozen red sea exists, leaving behind isolated green islands, and the distribution of purple damage avalanches is a <b>power</b> law with a finite cuto at about times the square root of the number of genes (Figure .b).
Law .On a coevolutionary timescale, coevolving autonomous agents as a community attain a self-organized critical state by tuning landscape structure (ways of making a living) and coupling between landscapes, yielding a global power law distribution of extinction and speciation events and a <b>power</b> law distribution of species lifetimes.
The two time constants (for the increase and decrease of delta power) that resulted in the smallest deviation from empirical values within each individual were used to statistically assess genotype effect on the dynamics of delta <b>power</b> [ 10 ] .
The same is true of other sectors: generation of energy (where we've stepped back from nuclear power), and even, with the exception of computer-guided bombs and the like, weaponry.
Because any organization that is part of the <b>power</b> grid can potentially affect the operation and stability of the entire grid, members of these regional councils come from all segments of the electric industry: investor-owned utilities; federal <b>power</b> agencies; rural electric <b>power</b> cooperatives; state, municipal, and provincial utilities; independent <b>power</b> producers; <b>power</b> marketers; and other interested parties.
The electric power generation sector is also regulated through a variety of traditional and innovative programs.
In the vicinity of that maximum, a power law distribution of avalanches of local extinction events will occur.
Utility power plants are already installing SCR catalyst for the purpose of NOX SIP Call compliance in 2004.
The next step in developing a U.S.-based industry was to bring the machine that took yarn and transformed it into finished cloth—the power loom—across the Atlantic.
But it added the rider that "this will only happen when the back of Serb resistance has been broken by Nato's air power."
It also serves as an officially recognized ISAC for combating computer-based attacks on the electric power industry.
Currently, power plants are required to reduce emissions of nitrogen oxides (NOX) and sulfur dioxide (SO2).
Bad weather, presidential assassinations, and power outages all have resulted in the closing of the market.
Except for the catalyst, most of the material/equipment used to assemble an SCR system is either standard mechanical and electrical components (pumps, blowers, valves, piping, heaters, pressure vessels, temperature and pressure sensors, etc.) or is largely manufactured for other power plant applications and has been adopted for use in SCR systems (cleaning devices such as soot blowers or sonic horns, gas analyzers, etc.).
In just 40 years, Japan had established itself as a viable world power.
Glitzy hotels went up in a hurry, supported by new boulevards, power plants, and a superhighway.
Besides, what other kind of saw would he (or Shakespeare) have known, power tools then being in their infancy?
The threat of overfishing has been cut back, and, in a province where revenues from hydroelectric power are second only to those of Québec, the energy industry has been prevented from damming the Fraser so as not to damage the salmon’s spawning grounds.
More, if species and genera have a power law distribution of lifetimes, what of firms?
Power plants might install equipment one year that is rendered obsolete the next.
At step 3, the end of the power stroke, you push on the handle, pushing the cylinder into contact with the low-temperature reservoir, T2.
And last March, an inspector was able to smuggle a fake pistol into the nuclear power plant in Vernon, Vermont.
The hardware items such as steel, piping, nozzles, pumps, soot blowers, fans, tower packing, and related equipment required for a typical SCR, FGD, or ACI systems installation are used in large industries such as construction, chemical production, auto production, and power production.
The more I learn about the cost and inefficiencies of the current and future regulatory regime to which power generators will be subjected if we do not have new legislation, the more I am convinced that we can --and must -- develop a smarter approach that protects the environment and public health while reducing the cost to consumers and industry and optimizing the size of both the state and federal government machinery necessary to achieve that protection.
This could help explain why NREMS delta power is chronically high in cry1,2 -/-mice.
Law .On a coevolutionary timescale, coevolving autonomous agents as a community attain a self-organized critical state by tuning landscape structure (ways of making a living) and coupling between landscapes, yielding a global power law distribution of extinction and speciation events and a <b>power</b> law distribution of species lifetimes.
Delta power was calculated as the average EEG <b>power</b> in the delta (1-4 Hz) frequencies for epochs scored as NREMS.
The remarkable feature of this ideal-bearing language is that it protects all persons within the power of the state—all those whom the state can touch with its legal <b>power</b>.
One can’t fail to marvel at the feat of design and organization that resulted in millions of individual stone blocks being transported to the site and placed precisely one atop another with very little error in alignment, all without the aid of power tools or lifting equipment.
The screens contained within the LSTAT were selected to reduce power consumption and minimize light emission.
All nuclear power operators in China are required to have licenses and be well-trained."
For concordant sibling pairs, assuming that the candidate locus is near a stroke susceptibility locus (θ > 0), power depends upon λ s (sibling recurrence risk) and λ o (offspring recurrence risk).
We discussed the power law distribution of extinction events in the biological record.
High demand uncertainty, previously associated only with fashion products, is now pervasive, characterizing even those items once regarded as basics—such as power tools, industrial seals, men’s dress shirts, and blue jeans.
Post-SD delta power was compared to baseline during the first hour of spontaneous sleep subsequent to SD, while NREMS amount and bout duration (Table 2) were compared over 12 hours (ZT6-ZT18), in accordance with the distinct dynamics of the compensatory responses of these variables to SD [ 57 ] . NREMS bouts were defined as periods of NREMS initiated by three consecutive 10-second epochs of NREMS and terminated by three consecutive epochs not classified as NREMS.
A WP op-ed by two former government nuclear power specialists details an important fact about India's nuclear weapons program that has drawn little notice: the plutonium India dipped into for its recent bomb tests was provided nearly forty years ago as <b>part</b> of an "Atoms for Peace" reactor built by Canada and fueled by the U.S.
Our power analysis reveals that we might have missed a positive result if all non-responders had answered in a way to favor an intervention effect.
the projected impact of the limitations on the total annual amounts of allowancesavailable starting in 2018 and the projected impact of adjusting any of the limitations on the total annual amounts of allowances available starting in 2018 under paragraph (a)(1) on the safety and reliability of affected EGUs under subpart 2 of part B, subpart 2 of <b>part</b> C, or <b>part</b> D and on fuel diversity within the <b>power</b> generation sector;
The Washington Post off-leads this development, but goes instead with continuing post-Floyd power outages up and down the East Coast.
As the power stroke initiates, the working gas expands and starts to cool.
9 efficiency/energy intensity of the electric power industry
In Figure 3.2, the adiabatic expansion step carries the system from step 2 to step 3, the end of the power stroke, a point where the pressure is at the lowest point, and the volume of the working gas is at the highest point of the work cycle.
One-hundred interviews were needed to insure adequate statistical power.
Weestimated the power by calculating the percentage of datasets wherethe correct functional SNPs were identified.
There was 80% power to distinguish the mean log 10 [lux] of the control group from a mean of 0.81 or less among postpartum women (one-tailed t-test, alpha = 0.05).
