Nouns and verbs and other parts of speech are considered not as familiar individuals but as members of different species.
The quest to assemble the shards of experience, too, is by now familiar.
Khouri, a native of Paducah, Ky., site of a major school shooting, cited the familiar litany of parental neglect, breakdown of education and community, and the Internet as causes of teen violence.
A long story on Robert Kennedy's 10 children rehashes their familiar troubles (Joe's divorce, Michael's babysitter affair, etc.).
As every good copywriter knows, one of the most effective ways of drawing the attention of newspaper readers to a consumer advertisement is to juggle cleverly with the shape and meaning of a familiar idiom or set phrase.
Clinton did indeed move deftly and systematically to deny Republicans all their familiar means of portraying Democrats as being incorrigibly leftist and outside the mainstream.
They can join hordes of their sun-deprived brethren from Great Britain, Germany, and other countries, and enjoy an island vacation with a cheap place to stay, familiar food, glorious beaches, and a few day excursions thrown in for variety.
The Post cites "individuals familiar with the case."
There are essays on all the familiar Steiner subjects--translation, tragedy, the eclipse of humane culture, the connection between language and ethics, and Judaism and the Holocaust.
Sound familiar?
The plot rips off the familiar one-on-one mind games of The Silence of the Lambs and adds up to nothing more than "a greatest-hits collection of plot devices and emotional cues from such films as Gorillas in the Mist and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest " (John Anderson, the Los Angeles Times ). (Click here to watch the trailer, and for David Edelstein's review in
His extraordinary Card Game (1917) uses those "contrasting forms" to reconfigure a traditional genre subject (Cézanne's Card Players is the most <b>familiar</b> example).
People always relate to the familiar and iconic and reject what's truly new.
If a drug dealer were to rattle off lists of narcotics words, the English speaker would be surprised at all the familiar sounds: California, sunshine, gelatina (gelatin), and gelé jelly, for instance, are cryptic nicknames for drugs in general.
In its infinite wisdom, the telephone companies long ago abandoned words for numbers, having perceived that there were some number combinations (like 95) could not be readily yielded by familiar names.
Now that you’re becoming familiar with Chinese cooking, you might want to collect the appropriate utensils.
At the height of a high-consumption holiday shopping season, it all seems familiar.
Most readers are familiar with the famous two-slit experiment, which exhibits the fundamental oddness of quantum interference.
The column was so amazingly familiar I had to check the byline to see if I'd sleep-written it.
Gore made all his familiar criticisms--that Bradley wasn't putting any money aside for Medicare, that his health-care plan wouldn't cover everybody, and that when the going got tough in the Senate, Bradley got going.
Note: this is an example of a “HobsonJobson”—foreign words or expressions twisted into a more familiar configuration by the pervasive influence of linguistic chauvinism, a rich source of onomatoplazia.
(He graduated from Oberlin College, was Ohio's first black lawyer, and would have been a familiar figure in the local history to which Morrison was exposed as a child.)
Before I try, let me give a quick synopsis of the project for those who aren't already <b>familiar</b> with it.
Designers are enclosing nearly nonexistent breasts in the familiar bra-shape, then sliding a dress around it (attached with little rings), or over it (so it shows through), or below it (sewn on, sometimes in a different material).
But the movie is still a delight, a fascinatingly strange and chaotic ballet set to familiar noir motifs.
A few of the names on the so-called frontispiece are familiar, particularly that of Priscilla S. Taylor, consultant editor to the Editorial Eye (or to EEI, in Alexandria, Virginia) and editor of the Phi Beta Kappa Newsletter , a person of formidable qualifications and one whom I trust.
Bob was all too familiar with the risks of infection, thanks to me, an inexperienced, haggard medical intern.
And Chatterbox cites Lapham's mention of "the Roman mob familiar with the expensive claques traipsing after the magnificence of the Emperor Nero."
The Post quotes the assessment of a congressional aide familiar with the tape: "devastating."
In other words, detached from their familiar uses and manipulated on film, such objects could be animated, rendered flexible, and--in the sculptural sense--"plastic."
Those who like it say it's "a sweet, funny little movie" (Ansen, Newsweek ) and that "one finds oneself asking how such familiar material breeds contentment instead of contempt" (Richard Schickel, Time ). Critics also note that two great performances, by Shawn Hatosy as the kid and Alec Baldwin as his gruff dad, help lift the film above cliché.
As co-host of Crossfire for six and a half years (1989-1995), I am familiar with the rap: It's uncivilized, it's just show biz, it's not serious, you all talk at the same time, no one gets to finish a sentence, Pat Buchanan is a monster, Bob Novak is a monster, John Sununu makes me ill (and they hear similar complaints, apparently, about the liberal hosts).
She becomes familiar with people who have been in court over and over.
She phonetically wrote down the familiar chant NAM YOHO REN GAY KYO and said that by chanting it every day I'd manifest my wishes in the fourth dimension.
The relationship between an SCFG and a covariance model is analogous to the relationship of hidden Markov models (HMMs) and profile HMMs for modeling multiple sequence alignments [ 18 19 24 ] . A comparison may be instructive to readers familiar with profile HMMs.
Those who are not familiar with feminist writings may find it useful and interesting to consider a book, recently published in Britain, that is typical of the harsher brand of such works.
Some familiar phrases--such as go to work on --are plain idioms with no cultural overtones.
It is slang for chamberpot and, like jakes , could be the familiar variant of a proper name ( Jeremiah or Jeremy ).
He mentions, for example, names that honor persons, names that have a religious background, names that express ego gratification and toponymic habituation (in which familiar names from the homeland are adopted to make a place seem a little less strange), names which show evidence of discovery, etc.
The fine arabesque and floral frescoes are the work of local Indian artists who excelled at the themes wholly familiar to them — this in contrast with their efforts to paint portraits of the saints, with whose images they were, despite the hard work of the missionaries, perhaps not as much at home.
(I'm sure you're familiar with Leo Steinberg's book on the subject.)
You are all too familiar with Indiana's budget pinch and the pressures on state government to cut expenditures.
Peking opera is the version most familiar to Westerners, but other regions have their own variants.
kick the bucket die, for example, is probably known in all dialects of English; kick into touch curtail or postpone further treatment is unknown except to those familiar with British idiom.
Anyway, best I can tell, EW claims this is the year for us to finally see some hot, new young stars have breakout performances, for some familiar faces to turn up in surprising roles, for a few unlikely onscreen couplings and more Matt Damon that anyone deserves.
The term familiar to me from my sailing days is Shock Cord, for it is often used to relieve the strain on a mooring or anchor line.
If you’re not familiar with baseball’s finer points, most fans in the friendly, vociferous, 34,000-strong crowd would love to talk you through them.
The high-dudgeon Vidal offers personal anecdotes (Abigail Thernstrom, at a dinner party, defended the police in the Rodney King beating) and rehashes familiar arguments for affirmative action.
"The first board meeting I attended in July he approached me before the meeting started and asked if I had read the -- if I was familiar with the comments that were quoted in the paper.
The name sounds familiar.
He apparently felt the familiar longing that only the beautiful and vivacious Monica Lewinsky could satisfy (Lewinsky testimony, Part II, Page 161).
. Yet, according to Novak, on March 21 Clinton "did not seem familiar with Moynihan's latest plan...."
On the other hand, Pepys's English, while familiar enough to us, may sound slightly nonstandard, as where past-tense forms and past participles are coalesced.
The contrast is strong enough to sustain the allusion to Julia Ward Howe's Battle Hymn (bypassing Steinbeck, of course) when Quinn speaks of the narrative trampling over the now familiar gripes of Roth.
In contrast to the rather standoffish attitude of the English language, Spanish is on familiar terms with the deity and things holy or revered.
Lobbying is a smaller and less familiar industry in Britain than it is in the United States.
The WP 's lead cites "sources familiar with the situation" on the Paula Jones lawsuit as saying that Clinton and Jones lawyers have discussed a settlement "in the range that the two sides contemplated during past negotiations"--i.e.
At the same time, if investigators are not familiar with the terms used by authors, a search strategy might miss relevant studies as well.
It is also possible that real clients, who are familiar to the shopkeepers, would be refused treatment less often than unknown clients (mystery shoppers).
The names Orwell submitted are almost certainly those marked with a red asterisk on his longer list and do not include such familiar ones as Stephen Spender or Michael Redgrave.
The plot--father comes to love adopted son--is familiar; the "directorial style is unobtrusive and free of flourishes" (Elliott Stein, Village Voice ). Director Jan Sverak "really knows how to give it that warm, ironic Mittel Europa charm and subtlety," says Kevin Thomas in the Los Angeles Times . "[S]entiment with sly political humor," says Joe Morgenstern of the Wall Street Journal . The Voice 's Stein predicts that it will become "this year's Il Postino ." (Miramax plugs Kolya at its site, where you can download video and stills.)
According to the OED , a wellerism is “a form of comparison in which a familiar saying or proverb is identified, often punningly, with what was said by someone in a specified but humorously inapposite situation.”
He spoke Malay, was familiar with local custom and religion, and respected chiefs and peasants alike.
The two most familiar are for two spatial and one temporal or three spatial and one temporal dimension.
It was also the time when the region was the homeland of the Canaanites and other tribes familiar from the Bible, which is still the best source of knowledge about ancient Israel.
A writer explores his own brain through magnetic resonance imaging, finding the physical locations for his ability to speak Italian, his recognition of familiar faces, and his storytelling ability.
