Jack Dustman Board Member and Former Chairman
James Campbell President of the Board Deputy Chief, Indianapolis Police Department
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation.
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation.
In our fund raising efforts to date, we have received the support of local government, foundations, and corporations as well as the personal financial commitments of individual MCCOY Board members.
As a former board member, the success of the YMCA is still important to me.
Past Board Member YMCA of Greater Indianapolis
Since everthing is to be found in Shakespeare, it is not surprising that on at least two occasions the Board has contributed his own Red Pants nuggets.
Dr. Lovera is a board certified obstetrician and gynecologist, a Fellow of the American College of Obstetrics & Gynecology, and a certified menopause practitioner.
I hope that the board and upper management rot in jail and never see the light of day again - apart from when you are exercising in the open prison yard in your shackles
Dr Aronow has received honoraria as a speaker and advisory board member for Pfizer and as a speaker for Merck.
They show him as an Army lieutenant, at his swearing-in as a state senator, as ambassador to the United Nations, surrounded by children as New York City school board president, and at other jobs, leading up to his current position, state comptroller.
Carl McCall, Army lieutenant, state senator, ambassador to the United Nations, school board president, Citibank vice president, and one of the most effective comptrollers in New York history.
They are ruled by the cabildo, local governing boards formed of community leaders (Gow and Rappaport 2002: 51-52).
Hewlett was himself influenced by his Stanford Dean of Engineering William Terman, a mentor and an influential Hewlett Packard board member (Collins & Porras, 1995).
makers—the Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve Board, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York—who were best positioned to watch over our markets were ill prepared for the events of 2007 and 2008. Other agencies were also behind 
That, combined with the formation of the Nevada Gaming Control Board, would signal the beginning of the end for heavy mob influence in the city.
Fortunately, many prominent psychiatrists also believed that homosexuality was not an illness, and their lobbying, along with the innovative study performed by Hooker, who has been referred to as “the Rosa Parks of the gay movement” convinced the American Psychiatric Association Board of Trustees to vote to remove homosexuality from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual as a mental illness in December of 1973.
This is a bricklayer's accident report, which was printed in the newsletter of the British equivalent of the Workers' Compensation Board.
Friday to Sunday, the action moves to Napa, with both members-only and public events at COPIA: The American Center for Wine, Food and the Arts, of which she is an honorary board member.
One of its Peg-Board walls was dismantled and reinstalled at COPIA; the rest went to Washington, D.C., and the Behring Center of the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History.
The library board had conducted a national search for an architect, visited new libraries across the country, and solicited proposals from prominent architects.
I told my audience that I thought that the Salt Lake City library board would have a more difficult choice than their nineteenth-century New York counterparts.
The library board awarded the commission to Moshe Safdie, and a year later the plans for the new building were unveiled.
Baseboards can be prominent or discreet, a complicated assembly of board, cap and base, or a simple strip of hardwood.
The conspicuous exterior dado, the baseboards, and the chair-rails in the Vanna Venturi House were hardly Classical moldings—they were merely boards with chamfered edges—yet they challenged the assumption that trim and Modernism were incompatible.
iPhone now fit for the enterprise says Forrester - http://bit.ly/ec1Nd RT @ARDELLd: How to turn a whole room into a gigantic "white board" for better brainstorming.http://tinyurl.com/bqghyt > I want!
Colleen returned to Goldey-Beacom College to serve as the Chairman of the Board of Directors for Theta Phi Alpha and currently serves as the President of the Delaware Alumnae Association for the organization.
Cheoc Van and Hac Sa (“Black Sands”) are both popular resort areas, with lifeguards on duty in summer and windsurfing boards for rent.
However, Tony Lama said it would promptly submit the offer to a special committee of the company's board.
He also rejected reports that his departure stemmed from disappointment the general manager's post hadn't also led to a board directorship at the London-based news organization.
Mr. Reupke was one of three executives on Reuters's eight-person executive committee who didn't also serve on the company's board of directors.
"If I were choosing the people of tomorrow, I would have chosen the people who are now on the board," he said.
The senior of the three executives who will assume Mr. Reupke's duties is Nigel Judah, 58, finance director and a Reuters board director.
Building and retaining a diverse staff and board is a major challenge for most programs.
McMillan ordered the Charlotte board to draw up a plan to take steps--not necessarily busing--to do so.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
When the Iranian hostage crisis developed, this procedure went by the board: National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski took charge of crisis management.
The Sunbeam board's eagerness to get rid of Chainsaw Al is a marked contrast to the story I've been working; namely, the United Auto Workers strikes against General Motors in Flint, Mich.
A participant added that earlier mandatory internal control reporting probably would have surfaced problems with ineffective boards of directors and audit committees.
cc: Mr. Donald J. Winn Assistant to the Board Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
Following Institutional Review Board approval, we conducted structured discussions with first and second year internal medicine residents over a one-month period at EDP rounds.
I am pleased to transmit the comments of the Legal Services Corporation ("LSC" or "Corporation") Board of Directors ("Board") regarding the Semiannual Report of LSC's Office of Inspector General ("OIG") for the six-month period of October 1, 2000 through March 31, 2001.
This study was approved by the Children's Hospital institutional review board, and informed consent was obtained from all adult participating subjects and from parents or legal guardians of participating minors.
Currently, he serves on the boards of the University of Pennsylvania, the Prudential Insurance Company of America, the Puerto Rican Legal Defense & Education Fund, and the American Arbitration Association.
The metro edition of the Times leads with the unanimous decision by the New York City Board of Education to require elementary school kids to wear uniforms.
The paper reports that the congressional investigation is trying to determine if the board was missing because the Chinese "took" it.
By law, the Board is bipartisan: no more than six members can be of the same political party.
The magnetic memory board consisted of a sheet with rows showing the subject's age (0-20 years), the corresponding year, and memorable historic events that occurred during each year.
"They do more business than any bulletin boards onPathfinder says Riley, "including the sex boards, which gives me pause."
Many low-budget guest houses have bulletin boards where trekkers leave messages for friends or advertise for trekking companions.
The Texas governor can't grant clemency to a death-row prisoner, although he can grant a 30-day reprieve until a state board reviews the prisoner's plea.
This resource is intended to assist programs with diversity initiatives and guide grantee board and management discussions on the importance of diversity in providing high-quality and appropriate services to clients.
 , Va., in which the court ruled school boards had an "affirmative duty" to ensure "racial discrimination would be eliminated root and branch."
• Board Training Module on Leadership and Diversity
But in the past year and a half, Guess has seen its stock price cut in half, had the only outside member of its board of directors quit after being on the job for a few weeks, and watched its chief financial officer resign for "personal" reasons.
As chairman and CEO, this one individual has a huge impact on the direction of the company, the role of the board, and the composition of the board.
SEEN ON A BULLETIN BOARD at Columbia University (honest!):
The National Board of Visitors cordially invites you to become a Charter Associate of The Center on Philanthropy
Institutional investors may have concerns different from those of individual investors regarding expectations for corporate governance and the role of the board of directors.
No more than six members of the bipartisan board can be from any one political party.
In such cases, if the reporting of such additional data would be useful and relevant to readers, and would provide a better indication of the resources and obligations of the entity, the Board encourages such reporting.
As another step in its retreat into state-sponsored superstition, the board has also forbidden all references to the Big Bang.
Additionally, all private plane accidents, whether they involve a fatality or not, require a costly National Transportation Safety Board investigation.
The X certificate gave the Board new latitude.
However, a donation of $25 or more entitles you to official membership in the Alumni Association with the privileges thereof, including: 1) The right to vote in the upcoming Alumni Association Board Member elections (currently two members of the Class of' 84, Maureen Althert and Brian Elson serve on the Board); 2) An official Alumni Association decal and membership card; 3) A discount on Alumni Association apparel; and, 4) Eligibility for the Charity Raffle, $500 to be given to the charity of your choice.
The boards of both organizations eschewed impact litigation in favor of the 1960s model of providing direct client services.
While the state boards of accountancy have the ability to impose much stiffer sanctions, including revoking a CPA's license to practice in a state, these boards have not exercised this sanction very frequently.
But the last time it got him in serous trouble was back in August, when he told the editorial board of the San Francisco Chronicle that despite his 17-year pro-life voting record, he didn't really support banning abortion.
After initially lying, insisting it had received no complaints, the board shifted to the more reliable techniques of equivocating and trivializing its critics, insisting that there was no problem, and if there was it was small, and temporary, and that those who complained were just a bunch of complainers whose purpose is just to make some complaints.
The problem is that boards like AskMe.com don't do a good job of matching lawyers who are licensed in a particular jurisdiction (or, in the case of LawGuy1975, licensed at all) with clients in the same area.
The library board had conducted a national search for an architect, visited new libraries across the country, and solicited proposals from prominent architects.
When you join the Center as a Charter Associate with a gift of $50 or more, you are entitled to many privileges, including a beautiful Charter Associate Certificate you'll be proud to hang in your office and a copy of our National Board of Visitors' prestigious publication Annual Report on the State of Philanthropy.
Lists of typographical errors, collected from hospital records, are often posted on bulletin boards and are occasionally published.
Nevertheless, the Board reiterates its position that entities should be provided maximum flexibility when applying the stewardship standards.
School systems are increasingly interested in reducing negative school behaviors, however, they have had difficulty identifying programs that are effective and easy to implement on a broad scale [ 14 ] . Given the urgent need and the readiness of school boards to address these needs, the testing and implementation of promising intervention programs is of great urgency.
RAILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD ...
Institutional Review Board approval for research involving human subjects was sought and achieved for this study and all participants signed informed consent forms.


So what sort of matrix board do you have to create to know that a NC-17 comedy horror Zombie video game will work, but a PG-13 young adult time-travelling Vampire TV show won't?
 and marched in Selma, expected the civil-rights revolution to remake society.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
