We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence, of usefulness, a sense of belonging and of influence.
We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence, of usefulness, a sense of belonging and of influence.
In this restricted sense, signs are causally correlated with that which is signified.
If so, can "mere chemicals" be signs in the full Piercean sense?
Not only are we unable to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and predict what will unfold, but we also cannot even translatein the sense of necessary and sucient conditionsfrom legal talk to normal intentional talk, let alone from legal talk of Henderson found guilty of murder to a physical talk about sound-wave forms monitored and masses at space-time lines as a description.
It seems hard to ascribe purpose, in the sense of acting on its own behalf, to a stone or a chair and easy with respect to an alga.
Of course, there is a sense in which my attribution of semantics to autonomous agents is purely tautological.
Now, five chapters later, it is hardly an independent deduction that autonomous agents are the proposed organization of matter, energy, and organization to which purposes can be ascribed in the sense of being able to act on their own behalf.
A new sense of identity enveloped Greek peoples throughout the Aegean, thus commencing a movement to expand Greece and unify the disparate Orthodox populations.
Chuckles often emanate from the British employment of a term in a sense at variance with American usage.
Apart from these words and lake , words and phrases directly associated with thoughts of water and reinforcing the sense of obsession include pool, springs, drainage hole, clay hole, flood, channel, water-courses, water-hole, rock-hole, drink, drinkable, running water, stream , and native well .
Here is a commonsense style book, useful to those who have the education and common sense to be in doubt about questions of English usage.
A sense of humor about a subject is born of a feeling of security about it, but security is the one characteristic often lacking among those who would use Current American Usage .
Suddenly it stopped, and I had the sense I was very, very high up.
Nice to see you haven’t lost your wonderful sense of humor,” she said, “but stop trying to change the subject.
I remember the overpowering sense of loneliness and sadness and grief.
Control hybridizations using a sense strand Gad1 probe were also performed.
Embryos hybridized to the sense probe did not reveal any staining pattern at any of the stages tested (E8.
Sense strand hybridization results for E10.
Digoxygenin sense and antisense RNA probes were generated by labeling with digoxygenin-UTP during transcription.
In a weaker sense, the same message is projected to American children, who grow up being told that it is not acceptable to be violent to one another, but who simultaneously have to endure corporal punishment and media messages about how "the enemies of freedom" are punished.
By doing so they hope to inculcate among the Mayan peoples a renewed sense of pride which will in turn reverse the dogma of Spanish superiority.
In anticipation, Jews in Palestine began laying the groundwork for a greater sense of national identity.
By accepting my personal invitation, you’ll provide yourself and every member of your family with a fulfilling sense of proprietorship, and a steady flow of priceless enjoyment.
This creates both a smooth transition to the second theme and a strong sense that a new section is beginning, a combination that is generally rather difficult to forge.
The 14-hour flight took me from Monday morning in Sydney to Monday morning, again, in L.A. Crossing the date line messed up my sense of time enough without the added bonus of thinking I should be heading to bed just as the sun began to climb into the California sky.
In the paper, "self-control" is used to mean a sense of willpower.
We do not do so here, although it may be interesting to contemplate whether the Silicon Valley is, in the broadest sense, ‘feminised’.
Posted by: Lexaburn at October 20, 2010 3:42 AM Christine O'Donnell is certainly ignorant in the sense that, while perfectly aware that there are many things she doesn't know, she is clueless as to how that might be an impediment.
It also is a 'social promotion' in the sense that great Sonoma wines that now are forced to use "Sonoma County" will be giving some of their credibility to their lesser neighbors.
From the mid-1940s to the mid-1960s, Las Vegas nurtured a growing sense that it was the “Entertainment Capital of the World. ”
What I find to be extraordinary about Woods’ case is that he remarked how while he has always been sexually attracted go guys, he is romantically attracted to women in the sense that he has always wanted a girlfriend and to be close with other females, etc… but never in a sexual sense.
What I find to be extraordinary about Woods’ case is that he remarked how while he has always been sexually attracted go guys, he is romantically attracted to women in the sense that he has always wanted a girlfriend and to be close with other females, etc… but never in a sexual sense.
Times like that, running on less sleep than I should, alone because everyone else had had the sense to retire for the night, I had a tendency to get all meditative about the universe and my place in it.
What I love most about you," responded the wife, "Is your enormous sense of humor.
You and I have never been on particularly good terms, and I regret not burying that hatchet while you were still alive, but at the same time, I can't help but think that your passing adds a sense of closure to twelve years of horror.
 that might be a delicate balance, that they give the author 99.8 percent and the public .2 percent, but in my mind, that's delicate in a very different sense of that term. Tha
My sense is for a simpler system.
My sense is for a simpler system.
This effort, in some sense competing with Roy Pike's, seems very healthy to me.
The APA has scheduled 30 minutes at its meeting in August for an RxP debate, but its leadership believes it already has an accurate sense of support for its RxP policy.
As the name suggests, local leaders wanted to instill the people of Youngstown with a fierce sense of urgency, driving them forward to confront steel companies and owners and help secure the future of the region.
Except for a sense of honor, and decency and-and a moral center.
All three entrants shared a sense of what was beautiful and what was appropriate, and all were concerned with conveying the same message of permanence, dignity, and of culture rooted in the past.
This sense of technique carried over to English, and the original meaning of style was those features of literary composition that belonged to the form rather than to the substance of the matter being expressed.
Architectural style, in Blondel’s sense, describes the way that something was built.
8 The successful relationship of the details to each other, and to the building is governed by the architect’s sense of style.
“The aesthetic understanding [of architecture],” writes Roger Scruton, “is inseparable from a sense of detail.”
The sense of being in a special place that is a three-dimensional expression of the architect’s imagination is one of the distinctive pleasures of architecture.
To create a strong sense of place, the surroundings must be all of a piece; space, mass, shapes, and materials must reflect the same sensibility.
The sense of robustness is accentuated by occasional delicacy: the arched window incorporates scrolled brackets that support an elegant reverse ogee molding at the eaves.
“I endeavor to design buildings that express a sense of belonging,” Jacobsen says, “buildings that reflect or abstract the nearby architecture and the traditions dictated by the climate and local materials.”
They are serious about what they are doing, that is, their buildings exhibit a strong sense of conviction.
Moreover, while their architecture is built with a great sense of style, it is never merely stylized.
"There is finally some sort of sense in the market," she says.
The New Republic 's Margaret Talbot says Whitehead and other "divorcephobes" ignore America's history of liberal divorce laws, the economics of women in the workplace, and common sense: "Parents who make each other's lives a snarling misery probably won't make their children's lives a bower of happiness."
Go to work on can of course be interpreted idiomatically as attack, but the presentation also hinted wittily at the literal sense of the phrase by portraying a man pedaling to work on a cycle with a single egg-shaped wheel.
Choosing a black over a better-qualified white is still racial preference, even if they both are "qualified" in the absolute sense.
Web advertising is smart, in the sense that it can be far more detailed and specific and because it can reach a target with surgical precision.
Similarly, the phrase recorded live , while it suggests the overtones of a concert rather than a studio performance, may still sound odd to an untrained ear (this may be termed sound mixing, in a double sense).
The problem, in that sense, is not that there are big and small markets but that there are too few teams in the big markets.
Republicans and Democrats commend Helms for his good sense, flexibility, and bipartisanship (?!)
Her tolerance feeds his tantrums, her servitude his warped sense of self.
The behavior he is now being excoriated for was not Orwellian, in the sense of 1984 's world of inverted truth--but Orwell-like, meaning that it was in keeping with a career based on political courage and intellectual integrity.
When Lenin instituted the New Economic Policy in 1921--which permitted a limited amount of capitalist competition in order to restore some of the country's cash flow--Rodchenko and Mayakovsky became the advertising agency for many of the state's manufacturing and retail operations, which, in a sense, let them have their cake and eat it, too.
a) No sense of proportionality.
But absent was about 80 percent of the sense of artificiality that characterized Gore's earlier performances.
With Harper in place, one gets the sense of Rockefeller seizing up on the issue of money, eventually forbidding Harper to even discuss it in his presence.
He's represented not just by his homicide victims and his famous shot of The Critic (two grande dames in evening dress stepping out from their limo as a bag lady appraises their fashion sense), but by a 20-minute film, called Weegee's New York (1953), as well.
Ten interpreters stepped from behind the throne.The English one at last explained the Holy FatherHad urged us all to wear seatbelts while driving.My heart sank at its plain good sense, as hymnsEchoed and golden canopies enfolded the pope,How like home it seemed, with my own fatherA preoccupied patriarch of practicalityWhen what was wanted veered wildly betweenThe gruff headmaster and the drunken playwright.Instead, I got the distant advertising salesman,The suburban dad of what turned out to be my dreams ...
Because turning welfare recipients into tax payers just makes sense.
Now, it made no sense at all.
That makes sense.
But then I think, it does make sense because she’d never like that,” he was really picking up the pace now, “She’s not the type that goes around fluanting what she’s got and taking advantage, which makes you even perfecter.
He certainly does not "attribute it to a speech where it was not uttered" and, as noted above, doing so twice would make no sense whatsoever if Moore was the mastermind deceiver that his critics claim he is.
This makes no sense.
Yeah, I remember Sambito from the Astros (when the Braves were in the old NL West because it made sense to have a team 3,000 miles from most of their division rivals).
In the absence of external guides, people selforganise to learn and make sense of their environments.
Do not try to make sense out of anything of this if you're not thinking like a...
There are many reasons why the new labeling requirement makes sense from all these perspectives.
Now, there were two things here that made ridiculously small amounts of sense.
The more I thought about it, the less sense the ship made.
Beijing’s announced policy of maintaining Hong Kong’s prosperity and stability makes sense.
 simply does not make any sense. The
e limits make no sense under the reasoning the Government has offered. The
 we offer a simple way to make this clear, express limit make sense, and that is precisely the understanding we suggest that existed in 1790. The
I don't think this is making sense and I can't find the words.
JACK SPARROW: You're not making any sense at all.

a: docs for obama, science teachers for edwards, manufacturers for clinton makes obvious sense, right?
Because it doesn't even make sense.
http://tr.im/iQEj X Japan I.V. Music Video Saw IV ¬´ Marketing Sense http://bit.ly/13Zj35 "Why We Don't Condemn Our Pirates in Somalia"\ FOX29 Candidates Debate For DA Position http://tinyurl.com/dfbyb2 I'm doing my Chardonnay :) How ya doing sweetie?
