From the fact that Hitler set out to conquer Europe and more and to kill Jewry, we cannot deduce that he ought to have done so.
"It is wrong to kill."
They had killed or captured about a quarter of the enemy's known leaders.
Mohammed Atef, al Qaeda's military commander and a principal figure in the 9/11 plot, had been killed by a U.S. air strike.
“Chutzpa is that quality enshrined in a man, who, having killed his mother and father, throws himself on the mercy of the court because he is an orphan.
The importance of dialect is emphasized regularly in the press, where we read about people being killed, as in parts of India, because they use the wrong shibboleths.
Please my dear beloved, our plans now are to relocate from Ghana since we can not afford to go back to Liberia following our past experience as they killed our parents, but we will need to move out the fund left by my late father here in Ghana.
I was picturing something horrible, something on its way to kill Karon.
Now it was time to kill a human.
Kill me now!
I killed the penguin of my dreams.
I wanted to kill him, too.
He told them he didn’t know, so they killed him.
It was a 14-year-old from R Street who got his crew of six together and ran their drug block killing another 14-year-old and his crew from a block away.
By LAURA MANSNERUS TRENTON, N.J. The New Jersey Supreme Court on Tuesday overturned the death sentence of Leslie Ann Nelson, a transsexual go-go dancer who killed a police officer and an investigator with an AK-47 rifle.
Zazzali and Long had expressed similar reservations in June 2001 when the court overturned the death sentence of Thomas J. Koskovich, who was 18 when he killed two pizza deliverymen in an ambush.
During a 14-hour standoff, she killed a patrolman and an investigator from the Camden County prosecutor's office.
Marshall, an insurance agent from Toms River, was convicted of hiring a man to kill his wife while the couple were going home after an evening of dining and gambling in Atlantic City.
There is a huge difference, for example, between playing a game like "Quake" and listening to a radio broadcast that tells you that your family will be killed unless you take action to kill others now.
There is a huge difference, for example, between playing a game like "Quake" and listening to a radio broadcast that tells you that your family will be killed unless you take action to kill others now.
The latter is the kind of media propaganda that was used to unleash a genocide in Rwanda in 1994, which killed 800,000 people.
Obviously, media propaganda can incite people to kill.
Mustafa was 14 years when he was killed.
This booing by the crowd, not mentioned with a single word in your transcript or your article, shows that the crowd was fully aware of the controversy they would cause by coming to Littleton after children were being killed there -- and they effectively said "Fuck you".
After the Flint rally comes a brief TV interview with Heston, where he is asked about Kayla Rolland (again, clear evidence that the local media in Flint raised questions about the NRA's presence), then an inteview with country prosecutor Arthur Busch, entirely ignored by critics of the film, who also mentions Heston's presence as notable, and refers to the immediate reactions of "people from all over America", gun owners/groups who, according to him, reacted aggressively to warnings of having guns accessible to children, much like spanking advocates react aggressively when anti-spankers point to a case of a child being killed or severely injured by a beating.
In Guatemala over 450 villages were destroyed, 200,000 Mayans were killed, and over 1 million more were displaced.
Now, many more moderate Muslims have become radicalized, world-wide, willing to kill innocent civilians in order to achieve their purposes.
By trying to "stamp out" terrorism by killing terrorists, Bush and Israel have made things infinitely worse for us: more dangerous, not safer.
About 5,000 Arabs and several hundred Jews were killed in riots and guerrilla attacks between 1936 and 1939.
The USDA wants to conduct an “experiment” that will spread enough poison in our environment to kill two million blackbirds.
And if the death of two million birds doesn’t “prove” their theory -- and show a reduction in crop loss -- they’ll likely seek the right to kill even more birds the next year!
Because the USDA’s slow-acting pesticide takes three days to kill, its victims will likely fly many miles from the poisoned fields, before falling to the ground.
But as soon as I coughed, I laughed, and I did not try to kill myself that night.
Tell me, or I'll kill --"
And if history is any guide, over the years thousands of Alaska’s wolves will be brutally killed.
Before the 1996 ban on same-day land-and-shoot, as many as 400 wolves were killed in Alaska each year because of this barbaric and unethical practice.
But here's the thing -- frogs are mutating due to the planet trying to kill itself.
This bill, currently in Congress, would give wholesaler lobbyists the means to turn back the clock on consumer access to wine, lead to the passage of laws that override federal regulations on alcohol, kill jobs and business that focus on artisan production of wine, beer and spirits, punish and dismantle small specialty wine retailers that serve the consumers that wholesalers won't and override the critical Constitutional principle of a single American economic union...
Just enough for us all to be able to barely avoid killing each other.
Can you imagine the lion on our calendar cover being cruelly killed for a hunter’s trophy?
For those with short attention spans, the Kursk was the submarine that blew up and sank in the Arctic Ocean killing all 118 on board.
My dream of love is vanished forever, that time is gone and my despair is killing me.
It's speaking English that kills you.
He tried to kill a vampire by driving a pork chop through its heart because steaks were too expensive.
Get A Life - Learn To Kill Spiders Yourself 12.
Rome did not create a great empire by having meetings, they did it by killing anybody who opposed them.
A while later he gets up, tenderly feeling the bump on his head and shrugging off the dust, and continues onto his friend's house, the whole time wondering what the devil that big darn thing was that nearly killed him.
Every Morning Every morning an antelope wakes up knowing it has to outrun the fastest cougar or it will be killed.
They created the rex, and from what I've read in the paper, they created a beast capable of killing the rex.
ALAN GRANT Right, and one of them was killed by the Spinosaur while I was on the island.
Maybe the Spinosaur killed the other two in the interim since he killed the first one maybe they swam for it and drowned.
Maybe the Spinosaur killed the other two in the interim since he killed the first one maybe they swam for it and drowned.
If they destroyed your trailers because you took their infant, imagine what they'd have done if you had killed it.
IAN MALCOLM So the Spinosaur kills the baby rex and mom goes out looking for revenge?
Even today, after years of public outrage, dolphins continue to die in tuna fisheries of other countries and are still being cruelly and often illegally killed by gillnets and harpoons.
Japan surrendered within days of the detonation of the atomic bombs that killed 140,000 people in Hiroshima on Aug. 6, 1945, and 70,000 in Nagasaki three days later.
listening to "kill the wabbit" Checking out all the twitter hype making a twitter shirt Waiting in line for Potter.
Kill me now.
Stop killing yourself with cigarettes!
Do you know superfluous body kilograms kill a lot of people around the planet?
According to Rojas, Joaquín lived for revenge, and he searched every mining camp in California until he found all thirteen men who committed the crime and killed them.
There's the messed-up sexuality of Antigua, the way girls are taught to be virgins while boys are encouraged to be careless and promiscuous; Kincaid's heroines have suffered from this sick training, and here we watch it slowly kill her brother.
What if there was a big picture of, say, the Jews killing Christ.
According to myth, King Acrisius, hearing the prediction that he'd be killed by his own grandson, locked up his only child, Danaë, in a tower.
Tannen laments that cops and soldiers have been "trained to overcome their resistance to kill" by trying "not to think of their opponents as human beings."
Time 's O.J. cover goes inside the Brown/Goldman camp, revealing evidence that the plaintiffs didn't use, including a witness who saw O.J. demonstrate how to kill someone with a knife.
While all of the peptides blocked the agonist effects of TNFα indicating that they can act as antagonists, KcC7, KcF6 and KcF12 by themselves induced a cytotoxic response by killing SK-N-BE cells in the absence of TNFα.
I guess what kills me is that he's a talented, smart, able guy and he's just tossing it away without a care.
Zinni and Schoomaker did make preparations for possible very high risk in-and-out operations to capture or kill terrorists.
Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., as saying Murdoch was China's "willing accomplice" in suppressing the truth about human rights: "His action to kill Christopher Patten's book is not isolated and is part of a pattern."
More than 500 people were killed and many buildings damaged — you can see the bullet holes on the General Post Office building, and the Royal College of Surgeons — before the Rising was put down.
1. Kill Bradley's momentum.
Don't count your chickens before they are hatched (F) Il ne faut pas vendre la peau de l'ours avant de l'avoir tué You should not sell the skin of the bear before you have killed him; (G) Man soll die Haut nicht verkaufen, ehe man den Bären gefangen hat You should not sell the skin before you have caught the bear; (R) He \?\ Not having killed the bear, do not sell the skin; (S) No vendas la piel del oso antes de matarlo Don't sell the skin of the bear before you have killed him.
"I had a client come in off the street one day and she said, `I'm really afraid he's going to kill me this time, I need a protection from abuse order.
Much of Backlash is dedicated to demolishing both the Bloom-Craig research itself and Newsweek's further distortion of it-most famously, Newsweek's preposterous claim that a single gal was more likely to be killed by a terrorist than to find a mate.
Is it possible to kill yourself while thinking clearly?
The war is over and Barlow has just killed his first man.
Mark Twain poses us a little mystery in Pudd'nhead Wilson: which knife does the killing?
Lady, your hubby saw me kill that last girl in the park.
Its crazy and going to get us both killed.
Melody had watched it all happen, she ran after the ones that killed her, but they had talents that she did not.
One day, the irony may very well kill you.
I think that boy wants to kill her.

Thanks to the help of caring and concerned people like you, Audubon won a temporary halt to this planned killing last spring -- but the USDA’s plans could be up and running for the next blackbird migration, unless we act now.
In all, nine birds on the Federal threatened or endangered lists and 11 birds on Audubon’s WatchList of imperiled species could be found in these killing fields.

The only way Alaskans can repeal the new law and reinstate the ban on same-day airborne land-and-shoot wolf killing is with a Citizens’ Referendum.
SIGN the enclosed Citizens’ Advisory Ballot to show your support for repealing “same-day airborne land-and-shoot” wolf killing in Alaska; 2.
Simple: If I sell it, my wife would kill me!
I'd kill for a Nobel P(e)ace Prize.




You kill me...
I was noodling on Vampires the other day, but also lumped Zombies, Pirates and Ninjas in the mix.
