That money was then spent in a variety of ways, adding fuel to our thriving economy.
While I appreciate U.S. News & World Report's endorsement, the true value of your support is measured by the way Goodwill takes on problems that affect all of us.
On his way home, he shares the story with four people at a street corner.
We've found ways for people with disabilities to enter the workforce.
Michael Sims felt that way at age 39 -- the day he earned a job.
The savings are counted in more ways than dollars and cents, however.
Because Pleasant Run is the only "family" for so many, our Emancipation Fund is one way we can help a young person take the first steps into his or her new life as an independent and productive adult.
Jameson points the way for children who need that extra hand and I hope you'll continue your support this year.
Thank you again for helping point the way.
CCI is a federation of 13 neighborhood-based multi-service centers whose mission is to identify and meet the human service needs of residents throughout Marion County in the most effective, efficient and comprehensive way possible.
CCI has come a long way in the last five years.
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation.
CCI is a federation of 13 neighborhood-based multi-service centers (plus one affiliate) whose mission is to identify and meet the human service needs of the greater Indianapolis community in the most effective, efficient and comprehensive way possible.
We're asking for a contribution in the amount of because you can't got a better bang for your buck than to support an organization that impacts so many lives in so many ways.
This is the time of year when our thoughts turn to ways to do things differently, things that will make our lives better and improve the quality of our life.
We have met with a number of successes along the way, most notably the Summer Fun Line, the Metro Summer Bus Pass, and the development of ten neighborhood youth councils.
When young people don't have that support, they need other resources for encouragement to guide them along the way.
If supplies are not reaching the people who need them, Hall said, he wanted to find out whether the United Nations or relief agencies needed to handle things differently, or whether "Iraq needs to get out of the way and let us do the job."
One way would be to speed up the flow of health supplies and other urgent commodities to the country under a U.N. humanitarian program, he said.
Almost every assignment is a challenge in a different way and it never seems to get easier.
That's ironic, since I think it was just that insularity that helped them, much in the same way that AOL has benefited from being in the Virginia suburbs rather than in Silicon Valley.
The finding, if it holds up, says the Times , may lead to a simple way for airline travelers to fight jet lag.
Much has been made of the way famous wrongdoers (e.g.: Dick Morris, Marv Albert) rebound too quickly in our celebrity culture.
Indeed, as I have emphasized before, a biosphere is a self-consistent coconstruction of autonomous agents, ways of making a living, and the search procedures, mutation, recombination, as well as behavioral search open to autonomous agents.
I certainly want to say yes, without attributing consciousness in any way.
Like it or not, the glucose gradient is a sign, a predictor, of "more glucose that way."
If not, then the decoder merely transforms a bit string sent along a communication channel into some other discrete or continuous dynamicsperhaps a set of water-filled bowls is drained by turning on a machine that opens valves between the bowls and to the outside world in particular ways.
The inspector general of the Justice Department found significant problems in the way the 9/11 detainees were treated.
As they worked on defining the goals and objectives of the upcoming campaign, they considered a paper that went beyond al Qaeda to propose the "elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life," an aim that would include pursuing other international terrorist organizations in the Middle East.
The goal was the "elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life."
See if he's linked in any way."
And he saw this as one way of using this event as a way to deal with the Iraq problem."
And he saw this as one way of using this event as a way to deal with the Iraq problem."
The Knights of St. John, a holy military force, made their way to Rhodes and Kos in the Dodecanese.
So I think that's just the way everyone said muscat .”
Stream is often said not to be used in Australia except in metaphorical ways, normally being replaced by creek .
Gregory uses stream in the way normal in England; Giles consistently refers to gens in the hills of central Australia, though glen is not current (outside place-names) in contemporary Australian English.

But only rarely did they collaborate and, with few exceptions, their work was not correlated in a systematic way.
The way the program works is this: one uses the cursor to highlight a particular word for which synonyms are desired.
I am not sure why, but I expected the program to “network” in the same way.
Perhaps the Proximity people thought that they had got round that little problem by giving the same definition for each of the items in the list; but we know that only very rarely are two synonyms bi-unique (which is another way of saying that if A = B, B does not necessarily always equal A), an ineluctable fact of language.
I am interested in what Safire has to say about language but find myself stymied: I get the feeling that he has deliberately created a minefield of interruptions in thought through which I must pick my way to the end.
What is missing, for example, at square the circle , is the information that because the area of a circle is mathematically calculated using pi , which is irrational, there is no mathematical way of calculating the dimensions of a square with the same area as that of a given circle.
Often, an entry offers nothing in the way of etymology and merely explains the meaning.
Their task: To ask people on the street if certain well-known phrases from the Bible--not identified as such, of course--struck them as being in any way familiar; and, if the phrases were familiar, to ask the respondents to name the provenance.
UPN recently, imprudently, trimmed the word "McNasty" from the title of Shasta McNasty , rendering it a naked Shasta . Here's a way for them to boost their ratings, repair their grievous show-naming error, and still save face: "Gore/Bradley McNasty Smackdown!"
Despite all the budget euphoria swirling about, business writer Allan Sloan uses his WP column to point out a familiar but forgotten fact: There is no surplus if you eschew "fedmath" and instead calculate assets and liabilities the way a business does, i.e., not letting the government's pension system, Social Security, be used to draw down the deficit.
On the way, it’s worth a stop at the China Tea Museum, a recently expanded attraction with displays of ceremonial tea implements and its own model teahouses.
She's in some ways poignant, in some ways horrifying, and an ur-representation of all our cultural contradictions about women and power.
The AP story about the deal in USA TODAY makes it clear that consolidation is good for business in all kinds of ways, explaining that if it falls through, Lockheed nonetheless collects a $200 million breakup fee.
flash in the pan This phrase sounds as if it derives from the way that prospectors pan rivers for gold.
Although highly unlikely, it's possible, we suppose, that all these distinguished publications repeatedly misheard the same individual in the same way, although he has no speech impediment that we know of.
The abbey that today stands in ruin at the southern tip of Burgundy ruled its medieval world the way Louis XIV’s Versailles dominated 17th-century France.
But somewhere along the way, they've--we've--also lost all patience for kids.
Shuman also makes the totally unsubstantiated (and untrue) claims that there is very little in the way of application software for Linux and that very few people use it: The latest estimates of the number of Linux users run into the millions--how can that be "so few"?
Tours usually stop along the way at one of the area’s cave houses, where residents are happy to show off their hand-dug quarters.
XML vocabularies define their own tags, and thus use XML to hold information in a way such that that information can be understood.
Such an approach provided a powerful way to associate genes with traits of interest, to identify key regulators as putative target genes in this complicated biological process, and a potential method to identify strategies for improvement of crop yield and nutrient value by pathway engineering.
[but] there's some passion in the action, a lilt to the chases, a fluid lyricism in the way the beasts move across hapless humans who cross their paths" (Joe Morgenstern, the Wall Street Journal ). (See David Edelstein's review in Slate and The Lost World site.)
Point 1: Ladenson would have a much stronger case if America's universities and colleges used a single announced criterion for admission and never varied from it, the way New York City's two true meritocracies, Bronx High School of Science and Stuyvesant High School, do--they only admit students who score well on Bronx Science's or Stuyvesant's own tests.
A good way to remember the difference between slang and jargon is that jargon serves to indicate a referent, usually with great precision, while slang characterizes and often makes light of what is referred to, and nonslang synonyms are almost always readily available.
This fascination crops up in the book in a number of ways, which will seem thought-provoking or irritating, depending on taste.
Women serve on submarines in the navies of other nations, including those of Australia, Norway, and Sweden, but there is much opposition within the U.S. submarine service to altering the current policy: "I only know one way, the way I was brought up," said Cmdr.
So many Modernist breakthroughs involved the visual dismantling of a woman--Picasso's Demoiselles d'Avignon (1907) on the second floor of MoMA, de Kooning's Woman, I (1950-51) on the third--that it should come as no surprise that Léger began the same way, with his systematically fragmented Woman in Blue (1912), the first piece in the exhibition.
Belief in the evil eye or that someone can harm another by looking at him or her in a certain way is found all over the world.
Chicago's revenues also suffer from the way undergraduates are taught at Chicago--in small, participatory seminars led by full faculty members.
"To backpedal in any way would result in more demands from all sides for more renegotiation, put the deal as a whole in jeopardy, and must not be countenanced," it said.
Others include the Parque Las Aguilas, Los Cristianos, Arona (Tenerife), which as the name implies, has an eagle show, all kinds of other birds and animals, and the new JungleRaid where kids of all ages can work their way through all kinds of obstacles.
That doesn't mean eBay's stock won't go up (or down) from here, especially since volatility is now a way of life for Nasdaq stocks.
Or, the replacement rate considered to be adequate can be computed in a more sophisticated way, netting out Social Security taxes, other taxes, or working expenses that will not be paid in retirement.
I don't want to come right out and say, "It's none of your business what happened between your husband and me when we were 18," and I guess I am looking for a nice way to say MYOB.
There's a bit of the "strange new respect" phenomenon in the way journalists respond to these positions.
] I looked upAt a bald, toothless gnome in swaddling clothesOn his way back to the fountain for more bad news.Something in his bowlegged walk--perhaps the wearyRoutine of it--made me think of the saint again,
(This sounds more cynical than it is; one way to so convince Congress is to speak to their sense of justice as well as to their pocketbook.)
To do this correctly, the aligned query sequence has to be bootstrap resampled in exactly the same way as was used for precalculating the pairwise distances of the Pfam alignment.
The train passes smart residential houses on its way to the terminus and park of Sváb-hegy.
Gay rights activists deemed it a triumph of "our common humanity" that paves the way for similar rights nationally.
Just a few kilometers to the east, traditional Mexican farming life goes its unhurried way up steep mountain roads where views can be superb and well worth the extra drive.
There are no guarantees, of course, about how differences will play out, so all you can do is try to look ahead and imagine if you both will adopt the other's ways, carry on comfortably with distinct approaches, or wind up killing each other.
Here is a woman whose husband has been caught misappropriating funds, who must find a way to repay $274,000 within days.
In this way, each point indicates the head of a vector that summarizes the phase for a particular specimen.
The town, we can surmise from this, has come a long way.
There is really no gracious way to receive a pie in the face ...
Hype derives from hyperbole , and when it came into use in the '60s, it was used, in much the way overhyped is used today, to refer to something praised far in excess of its value ("Sergeant Pepper has been hyped as a masterpiece, but the fact is, most of the songs on it aren't of the first rank").
Bay Tours are very popular in every coastal destination from Puerto Vallarta down to Huatulco, and are also an excellent way to get your bearings, from the vantage point of the waters offshore.
If owners get their way, the grounds of the defunct Trojan nuclear plant in Rainier, Ore., may become a new state park, according to an AP story in the Post .
Publications that get all the way up to 20 will be faxed a likeness of Joseph Stalin.
A United Way Agency
The 9th annual JCC Auction will benefit the numerous scholarship programs of the Jewish Community Center of Indianapolis, a United Way agency.
The 9th annual JCC Auction will benefit the numerous scholarship programs of the Jewish Community Center of Indianapolis, a United Way agency.
Mr. Caring Philanthropy 01234 Giving Way Contribution, USA 56789
United Way agencies are there for everyone--you, your family, your friends, and your employees.
