I can write my name on the deposit slip.
Name Address City, ST, Zip
Dear Name:
Name Address City, ST Zip
Name Address City, State Zip
Dear Mr./Mrs. Name:
Dear Name,
Name Address City, ST Zip
Dear Mrs. Name,
Name Address City, ST Zip
Dear LTR_NAME:
Dear Name:
Name Address City, ST Zip
Name Address City, ST Zip
Name Address City, ST Zip
Dear Name:
Dear Name:
Name Address City, State, Zip
Dear Name,
Name Address City, ST Zip
Dear Name:
Originally titled "Infinite Justice," the operation's code word was changed-to avoid the sensibilities of Muslims who associate the power of infinite justice with God alone-to the operational name still used for operations in Afghanistan:"Enduring Freedom."
Ellington performed at the Orpheum in Los Angeles in 1941 and 1942 with a musical called Jump for Joy in which the performers wore zoot suits, also known as Gone with the Wind suits, after the style worn by Clark Gable in the movie by the same name.
In 1981 a film by the same name, Zoot Suit, was produced and directed by Luis Valdez, with performances by actors Daniel Valdez and Edward James Olmos.
The earliest name associated with the city, Ur usalim, perhaps meant “city of Shalim” or “founded by Shalim. ”
Scholars speculate that Shalim might have been an ancient Semitic deity of peace, for the name resembles the modern Hebrew and Arabic words for “peace”: shalom and salaam, respectively.
If true, this is an ironic name for a city that would become one of the most constantly and bitterly embattled places on the face of the earth.
I made up my mind that Muscat Ramble was almost certainly the original name of the tune.
The other name, native well is, as a later explorer David Carnegie, author of Spinifex and Sand (1898), points out, a misnomer.
Yiddish easily coins new names for new personalities: a nudnik is a `pest'; a phudnik is a `nudnik with a Ph.D.'
Our Father, which art in heaven, Harold be Thy name.
In the matter of pronunciations of BrEng names, it is an old-fashioned fantasy of Americans that Brits go round saying POM-frit for Pontefract : most Brits that I have heard give the name a spelling pronunciation these days; and so with many of the old shibboleths.
In the matter of pronunciations of BrEng names, it is an old-fashioned fantasy of Americans that Brits go round saying POM-frit for Pontefract : most Brits that I have heard give the name a spelling pronunciation these days; and so with many of the old shibboleths.
The authors have provided a brief introduction which is easy to follow, a list of suggested readings, and the names and addresses of the several institutions and societies in Britain where readers may indulge a more intensive interest in dialect study.
In addition to those names above, Francine M. Delvecchio, Marshall L. Hamlett, and Elizabeth M. Mixon made key contributions to this report.
If ever I write an autobiography it will be in dictionary form: names of places and people defined in terms of private significance.
The buddy is screening a videotape of the fat man at the gaming table and zeroing in on the guy's wallet, trying to read his name, so that he can call the desk and find out the man's room number and tell Cage so that Cage can get there before the villain gets there.
The individual plaintiffs in the Washington case were listed in the appeals-court opinion as "Jane Roe; John Doe; James Poe; Harold Glucksberg, M.D." ("Glucksberg," of course, is not some ambitious new departure in the field of generic fictitious names, and there will not soon be a movie called Meet Harold Glucksberg . Glucksberg is just the real name of a doctor involved in the case.)
You come up with a no-nonsense product designed to remove widgets, patent it, and market it under the straightforward name Widget Terminator.
For instance, in English the name of the Russian composer is usually spelled Tchaikovsky and sometimes as Tschaikovsky or Tschaikowsky where three or four English letters are used to represent a sound represented by a single Russian letter and more normally by only two in English, ch . The name Chaliapin was first transliterated into a French spelling Chaliapine ; later, when most of the family moved to the United States, the e was dropped to Anglicize the spelling.
where the name of the person and most of the message is garbled (because the caller is slurring), but the number is the only understandable part of the message?
There is one other recurring difference in the papers' Germany coverage: all but the NYT render the winner's name "Schroeder," while the Ochs Sulzberger bund foregoes that "oe" for an "o" under an umlaut.
As these late canvases wash over you with their great swaths of paint, you can immediately see why Clement Greenberg, writing during the late 1950s, spoke of the "rehabilitation" of Monet and why "the most advanced of advanced painters" (Greenberg names no names) "were enthusiastically rediscovering him."
The second of John Lennon's sons to trade on his father's name in launching a pop career.
The ubiquitous "Make Money Fast" e-mail recasts the classic pyramid scheme as e-scam: Send $5 to the names on the list, add your own name to the bottom, and reap your windfall later.
From the end April and into early May is Golden Week, the unofficial name for the conjunction of three major national holidays (Green Day, Constitution Day, and Children’s Day).
The names of two towns, American Fork and Spanish Fork bear special mention because of a peculiarity of Utah pronunciation especially rural pronunciation: locally these towns are known as American Fark and Spanish Fark, respectively.
One of the most readable of these articles is Russell E. Brown's paper on Anna Seghers' Revolt of the Fishers, in which he shows how the author establishes a certain universality for the uprising: accordingly, the names can be attributed to no specific place or time.
I should have known I'd get myself in trouble by calling names of my favorite editorial illustrators.
Upon learning her name, Cortés had her christened as Doña Marina, and she became known to everyone by that name, although her Aztec name was Malintzin, which possibly the Spaniards pronounced Malinche, so she was also called by this name.
The name Acropolis derives from the Greek words acro meaning “highest point” and polis, meaning town.
Many names point to the appearance, customs, staple diet, occupation, possessions or stamping ground of a tribe, as in the following:
reports that Arafat appears to have dismissed Faisal Husseini, the Palestinian official responsible for Jerusalem affairs and, until now, a name high on his list of potential successors.
Send as many names as you wish, as often as you wish, and get six additional months of Slate for each one.
The Bounty is studded with the names of painters, especially those with a link to the Caribbean.
I'm sure most of the politicians who went to the Lords only so they'd have a place to speechify after retiring from the Commons would rather do without this, but it's part of the British schtick, so at the least we ought to get the names right.
Once it seemed that the nonsensical blather of a song like America's "Horse With No Name" (with the immortal lines "The heat was hot" and "In the desert/ You can't remember your name/ 'Cause there ain't no one/ For to give you no pain") could never be challenged by any rival in any other art form.
The first hypothesis corresponds to the traditional grouping Coelomata and the second corresponds to Ecdysozoa [ 3 ] . For convenience, we will use these names in reference to the two hypotheses while recognizing that this study, by necessity, involves only a subset of all animal phyla.
Name Address City, State, Zip
Of course, Gates comically stacks the deck with the Godwin example, since Godwin asks that we rescue the cleric, not in the name of truth but in the name of some sort of obnoxious aristocratic utilitarianism.
Such serendipity sends one on a voyage of discovery, to see what meanings can be aptly found in other Chinese transliterated names.
Under the GDR its name was changed to Marx-Engels-Platz, and it became a focus of Communist May Day military parades and rallies.
In response to media inquiries about ongoing work, GAO will provide information only about the objectives, scope, and methodology of an assignment; the names of the requesters; and the expected completion date.
There are many African town names that contribute to this linguistic stereotype, places such as Zongo, Zumbo, Zawi, Zaria, Kolwezi, Mulobezi, Solwezi, Ulvinza, Mazabuka, Mwanza, Ngunza, Nzeto, Nyunza , and many others.
Farming implements like plow and hayrake have kept their old horse-drawn names, and so have most utility vehicles, like fire engine, Black Maria, paddy wagon, ambulance , and delivery van --the last clipped from caravan living wagon, which survives in full in England to mean a camping trailer.
Some names sound more appealing than they are.
The euphonious word skilligalee came ashore in Narragansett bay as an alternative name for the marlin.
I'm sure your readers know that the very name "Martha" is no accident.
The stress pattern of a place-name expression can sometimes differentiate between two meanings, but this clue can be lost if names alternate between languages.
The use of the "Affiliation field" is also limited by the fact, that the name of a country can be dropped from the affiliation if the publisher is located in the same country [ 20 ] . Further such a search strategy would be questionable because country names can appear in street names of other countries [ 20 ] . Therefore the use of the "Affiliation Field" was avoided right at the beginning and the affiliation for each single entry was retrieved from the MEDLINE format.
Both names (along with the no-longer-common "John-a-'nokes" and "John-a-'stiles") derive from legal custom dating back almost to medieval times, in cases where suit needed, for arcane reasons, to be filed against a legally fictitious person.
The product is that cake with the Sara Lee name attached or the shoe polish with Kiwi on the cover.
The paper by Penelope Scambly Schott, Rosamond: Poison and Contamination gives a neat example of historical confusion based on the fate of another individual with the same name.
If you plan to attend the luncheon, please forward the enclosure and your name will be included in our mailing.
Each phylogenetic group name is a link that reveals additional phylogenetic levels (Figure 4and H-4B.
We may not know how to read or write the letters and symbols in Japanese, Chinese, Arabian, or other languages, but we do not have to when we refer to living things, because the generic name and specific name, in Latin, are the same all over the world.
I went to high school--a small school with only a minority of Italians--with a girl named Pochintesta ( poco little, in in, testa head), another named Zucchi (a plural form of zucca squash, or, colloquially, head; Hanks and Hodges say this name was often given to a person of scarce intelligence, as in pumpkinhead), one boy named Chiappa (buttock), and another named Chiappinelli (which may be either an extended diminutive of Chiappa or the diminutive of chiappino , which Battaglia defines as a type of ape).
Supplemental figures showing full gene names and GenBank accession numbers for Figures 1, 2, 3, 4and 5are available and at [ 12].
For this study, we have adopted the position that every member of a pedigree has the right to refuse to have personal information such as name, address, and medical history recorded in a research database.
But the origin of the name is disputed.
Our search method differed from the previously described method [ 1 2 ] of using the "Affiliation field" to enter country names for good reason.
For example, if you have IE4 installed, when you click on an author's name a short bio pops up (instead of the click taking you to the bio at the bottom of the page).
With names in dictionaries, the criteria for inclusion and the criteria for explanation are inextricably interdependent.
Among the scholarly pioneers was George R. Stewart, whose considered reflections are collected in standard works entitled Names on the Land (1945, revised 1958 and 1967) and American Place-Names (1970).
Spanish and Indian names were precedents to other non-English-sounding names.
Likewise with Myanmar, the name now used-- at least in the non-U.S.-English-speaking world--for what used to be called Burma . The official name of the country in Burmese has, since independence from Britain, been Pyidaungsu Socialist Thammada Myanma Naingngandaw , so Myanmar, it seems, is simply Burmese for Burma . This is the same phenomenon as Côte d'Ivoire . But the current Myanmarese (do I venture where angels fear to tread by coining the adjective?)
We used this embryological concept to define a set of embryonic structure names that depict a 'path' describing the development of each organ.
Dear Name:
But Blumenthal's attorney tells the Post he will take "'appropriate action' unless Drudge disclose[s] the names of his sources by today."
U.S. law also prohibits contributions from any individual contractor or partnership doing business with the government, and requires a "best effort" to obtain the name, address, occupation, and employer of every individual contributing over $200.
This includes the effort to give one's progeny the power to pass genes even further-- hence, family names, mansions, and monuments.
MMM F_NAME L_NAME TITLE COMPANY ADDRESS CITY,ST ZIP March 4, 1999
MMM F_NAME L_NAME TITLE COMPANY ADDRESS CITY,ST ZIP March 4, 1999
Most of our (yuppie) friends have their kids call my wife and me by our first names.
One lasting legacy of the Danish colonization is the street names.
In his Illustrated Dictionary of Place Names: United States and Canada , Kelsie Harder points out that when the explorers asked the Indians what a place was called, they responded “Canada.”
Entries like that for Howard in the Dictionary of First Names hardly encourage me to take the main body of the book seriously.
Such place names as there were applied to clusters of buildings, such as casas reales (“royal houses”), renamed Palace of the Governors by the Anglo-Americans, or Barrio de Analco for the cluster that housed Mexican-Indians.
