My absolute favorite of these semantic mistakes, however, does not come from the problem of sound.
, or the `sound effect for sudden destruction' (int.)
Mudd, roaring with laughter, immediately blanked out the sound.
Anthony Quinn performs the syrtáki dance (in fact an amalgam of several different traditional dances), to the sound of the bouzoúki, a stringed guitar-type instrument that produces melodic, slightly metallic sounds.
In the great dome’s interior rotunda, painter George Southwell’s murals illustrate the four virtues that “made” British Columbia: Courage, as shown by George Vancouver confronting the Spanish at Nootka Sound in 1792; Spirit of Enterprise, with James Douglas establishing Fort Victoria for the Hudson’s Bay Company in 1842; Work, by those who had to build the Fort; and Justice, meted out to the unruly mob engaged in the 1858 gold rush.
Thanks to first-rate sound equipment, though, we hear everything they hear--especially a snapping of branches in the dark outside their tent that escalates into an omnidirectional clatter.
But those falsetto timbres of his make a searing tone, even in a middle register, where tones are usually not searing, and the sound is an X-ray, which penetrates everywhere.
In all the following cases, the spelling, (apparent) roots, or sound of the word actively suggest a meaning different from the true one.
The acoustics inside the tomb are very precise, exaggerating the sound of your approaching fellow visitors.
The goal of effective tinnitus management is not necessarily to mask or remove the patient's physical perception of tinnitus sounds.
Thousands of Boer prisoners were shipped to the colony, and prison camps were established on half-a-dozen islands in Great Sound.
Just beyond the bay, there is a left turn leading to Devil’s Hole Aquarium, at the very southern tip of Harrington Sound.
The current issue of a national magazine lists these warning signs: stain, unusual odor, the sound of broken glass or plastic.
The sound is equal parts glam, punk, and metal, and features Cheap Trick guitarist Rick Nielsen.
PC maker Gateway 2000 bills the Destination Digital Media Computer as an audio/video monster that engulfs you in a "wall of sound" as you play Doom on a 31-inch monitor with a "screaming 300 MHz Intel Pentium II processor."
When she fails to sell that house, she closes the shades and lets go with a naked wail--it's the sound of a vacuum crying to be filled--then furiously slaps herself while sputtering, "Shut up--you're weak--shut up.
Anthony Quinn performs the syrtaki dance (in fact, an amalgam of several different traditional dances) to the sound of the bouzouki, a stringed-guitar instrument that produces melodic, slightly metallic sounds.
Sequences that once were run together by a studio bent on linearity are now fractured and intercut in accordance with Welles' intentions, and the still-astonishing first shot has been shorn of credits and of the Henry Mancini theme that obscured its cacophonous sound mix.
For whatever reason, phrases such as pushing up daisies, breathed his last, is no more, gone to a better world , etc. sound decidedly old-fashioned these days.
"Awesome action and realistic sound effects"
Increasing literacy and pressures towards `correctness' led in England to spelling-pronunciations which caused speakers to restore a whole range of sounds which earlier generations had dropped, like the l in fault, vault, and soldier; the second w in awkward and the sole w in Edward; the t at the end of pageant, respect, and strict; and the d in the middle of the word London and at the end of husband.
The Olympic Peninsula sits perched on the northwest corner of Washington like a small state, an expanse of mountains, rivers, and coastlines wrapped by an arm of the Pacific and separated from the urban swath of Greater Seattle by the inland sea of Puget Sound.
Quemessourit became Missouri, Ookannasa Arkansas, Uneaukara Niagara, Machihaganing Michigan , and Potawanmeac Potomac . English speakers changed the pronunciations because the sound patterns in the Indian languages were so different from those of English that they could not hear, much less imitate, the exact words the Indians were using.
The nightingale Keats heard in a garden in May 1819 was not the music of poetry, but the sound of death, a siren call to suicide.
On Thursday , Fox offers The World's Most Shocking Medical Videos (9 p.m.) and The Learning Channel profiles the sickos who kill leaders in Shadow of the Assassin -- complete with fast-paced footage of famous assassinations, President Clinton's head, and repeated gun-shot sound effects.
I have not been paid one penny for the records, tapes, or motion picture sound tracks made with my voice.
murmur, murmur, murmur, murmur"--we wake up, recognizing the sound of our own inner babble.
aphthong, a letter having no [archaic] sound.
A quick check into the sounds of its era reveals what the set's 198 pages of liner notes don't--that 1959, the year Sketches of Spain was recorded, was also the year The Soul of Spain by the mood orchestra 101 Strings hit the Top 40.
3. The new sound system for the New York City Opera that will not amplify voices.
Do I get it when “I shall not want,” four simple one-syllable words, swaying in iambic rhythm, with the shall sliding irresistibly into the breathy w of want calling up the memory of God's “breathing the breath of life” [Genesis 2:7] and man becoming a “living soul” is “improved” to “I shall lack nothing” with its jagged k sound, its materialistic, vacuous nothing , or changed to “I have everything I need” to which “Well, whad-daya know!”
Afro-Cuban traditions remain strong, reflected in music (walk down any street and a cacophony of sounds emanates from unseen sources) and particularly in carnaval, now a pale shadow of its former self — due to lack of resources — but still Cuba’s best.
Its mockumentary premise: Three young filmmakers disappear while trekking through the woods of Maryland in search of a local witch; a year later, their footage is found and presented as The Blair Witch Project . The trio get increasingly suspicious of each other as they hear eerie sounds in the night and find mysterious bundles of sticks hanging from trees, and by the end they're running for their lives.
This was a confusing half measure, however; the initial ch remained as in the French spelling, representing a Russian letter borrowed from the Hebrew alphabet for the sound represented in English by sh . As a result, many Americans innocently mispronounce the name of the great operatic bass and his descendants.
They order things more neatly in France here, for râle is both the name of the bird and the word for this agonized and agonizing sound.
In the streets directly below the castle walls, you may well hear the sounds of craftsmen beating copper — from whom you can buy direct.
It surely evolved from earlier use in more literal, straightforward contexts (for instance, to describe the sound of an automobile engine or a musical performance) and ultimately from the long-established and nonjudgmental phrase to make noises (that is, to express oneself about something), a construction that happily accommodates all manner of adjectival prefixes.
Passed from village to village, from hearthside to field and tavern, losing a word here, gaining one there, sometimes so badly pronounced as to change sound, though not sense, the refráin or saying having the almost sacred pan bread as its foundation came to form an integral part of country life.
The reason for this variation is that when the Cyrillic letter that represents our English v -sound is final in a word, as in the nominative case for Gorbachev , it is unvoiced and sounds like f (or ff for good measure); when an inflectional ending is added, as in Gorbacheva (the genitive case), that same letter is voiced, like v .
Over the years, the new sound may acquire its own distinction: a dignified gentleman announcing Ahem! to gain attention, rather than actually clearing his throat, or someone cackling Yukkety yuk yuk! at a lousy joke.
Auditory spoonerisms preserve the right sound when transposed, but require varied spelling when written.
As for the sounds from other desks, use earplugs or the above-mentioned Walkman to drown out the sounds of celery.
My office is two doors down from his, so there's no escaping the sound.
There's an edginess, a tough guy's melancholy, to Davis' sound.
The organization is by sound types: Stops, Nasals and Nasalized Consonants, Fricatives, Laterals, Rhotics, Clicks, Vowels, and Multiple Articulatory Gestures, the last being combined sounds.
The current issue of a national magazine lists these warning signs: stain, unusual odor, the sound of broken glass or plastic.
Sound and Light Shows: All the most impressive ancient sites in Egypt have a sound and light show, and it adds an extra theatrical dimension to your Egypt experience.
How sweet the sound.
At the time, the name was much mocked, violating as it did the precept that you don't choose words ending in the sound "iss " because people associate it with disease.
What is the sound of one hand shredding?
In the nation's capital, the sound you hear is of paper being shuffled.
Meanwhile, the music's sound and technology was providing the sonic space and public rituals for hip-hop--as electrifying a pop form as I've ever heard.
Only after I had ferried my cart to the next aisle did I figure out what she meant: tsk tsk , that half-pitying, half-disapproving sound made by pressing the tongue against the upper palate and teeth and sucking in slightly.
Starting in August, a $300 million advertising campaign will show jet pilots breaking the sound barrier--and then being magically transported to their bathrooms, where they'll enjoy the quickest, slickest shave in history.
Although Freud, so far as I know, did not discuss Spoonerisms on his classic analysis of slips-of-the-tongue, his theories as to the psychoanalytic implications of transposed sounds, such as those attributed to Rev. Spooner, could have been usefully added to Learn To Spike Lunars [ XVIII , 4] by Robert Archibald Ford.
I heard a big falling sound ... like he was being hurt."
At the west end of Front Street, on the waterfront, you will find the Visitor Service Bureau and the terminal for the local ferries that ply across Great and Little Sound from Hamilton to the southern and western parts of Bermuda.
I like to watch with the sound off, because the sports pundits are no better than the policy pundits, and if I fall asleep during the game, that's fine.
At first I took it to be French because of its sound, but actually it comes from the Dean Martin song That's Amore, which enjoyed enormous popularity here.
Every time my browser goes to the page, it hits some sound file that belts out Brokaw's booming baritone: "This is Tom Brokaw.
Cameramen, sound men, still photographers, and reporters clogged all available space, jostling people as they sat and ate.
Each spelled sound is discussed at the beginning of its alphabetic section, digraphs being treated at the beginnings of the sections for their first letter.
"It put a lot of strain on me," he admitted, making Chinook sound not like a machine but like a grizzled counterpart who deserved respect, even affection.
Participants are invited to submit actual quotations that sound dirty and adolescent enough to be dialogue in his future projects.
A funny thing or two happened in the pronunciation key: the distinction is made between r as the symbol for the initial sound in rim and rr for the medial sound in marry . Although these are different sounds in many British English dialects, they are not only allophonic but in complementary distribution (that is, they never exchange places), hence do not need separate symbols.
Mark Shields Loves Late Edition : Punditry's leading exponent of redundancy, Mark Shields, plows new ground on NewsHour . Ordinarily, he recycles sound bites from his Friday NewsHour gig on Saturday's Capital Gang . This week, Shields expresses amazement at the White House spin machine's "cautious, almost slow" response to the Chinagate accusations.
But Italy’s largest and eastern-most lake is actually shaped more like a banjo, 52 km (32 miles) from the ruggedly romantic cliffs of the neck down to its broad “sound box,” 18 km (11 miles) across, surrounded by rolling green hills and gardens.
Owen Sound Stun Crimes (Sun Times).
Also, it is likely this kind of analysis will not support the same free-market agenda that bionomics pursues, but then the purpose of sound science is the search for the truth, not the support of a pre-defined agenda.
To drive home his point that inaction, like action, requires justification and bears consequences, Clinton distilled his frame job to a brilliant sound bite: "In dealing with aggressors in the Balkans, hesitation is a license to kill."
Although Wal-Mart’s rapid climb has created the most sound and fury, a variety of retailers adopted and adapted different pieces of lean retailing in the early 1990s.
The discussion of Faulkner's The Sound and the Fury wrapped up with a lively exchange about Faulkner's continuing relevance--particularly regarding race.
Some sound so real that they flit past like butterflies or called strikes, only to awaken us in the middle of the night with the realization that they cannot be: halcoid, subuculate, Chief Manciple.
Sound good?
Part of the problem is that Italian makes everything sound like a sex act: Menaggio, Dongo, Lemna, Cadenabbia, Faggeto, Bellagio.
Songs that I hoped never to hear again--"Hold Your Head Up," "Take It Easy," "Band on the Run," "Free Bird"--sound, in context, startlingly fresh, and Dunph's brown corduroy jacket looks like the one I persisted in wearing into the late '80s when a girlfriend finally took the initiative to drop it down a garbage chute.
His methods also encourage high prices: The 901s cost $1,400 a pair (some companies make $300 speakers that sound better) because nine cones cost more than two or three; the Wave radio costs $350 because that 7 foot tube was a bear to design.
There is a notion favored by the bureaucrats in Brussels that products should not be named after a place or sound like some original thing such as champagne or cheddar cheese unless they come from that place.
Yes, at first glance, this alternative derivation would seem to make sense, because hype sort of sounds like hyperbole and sort of means hyperbole . It would also seem to make sense that frosh would be derived from freshman , since it sort of sounds like freshman and sort of means freshman . But it isn't.
