Here, in Investigations , I am trying to point at the mysterious but utterly natural hopefulness in which an increasing diversity of broken symmetries in the universe creates the diversity of structures and processes that can constitute and identify ramified and ramifying sources of energy, detect those sources of energy, create devices and processes that couple to those sources of energy, and generate yet more diversity that propagates macroscopic order even further.
), physics ( Roy G. Biv , or maybe Richard Of York Gains Battles In Vain , for the order of the spectrum's colors-- Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Blue, Indigo, Violet), and mathematics.
The rank order of affinity agrees with the rank order of potency of these ligands in inhibiting forskolin-stimulated cAMP production.
The statistics might seem cold, but it's impossib le to remain complacent after meeting someone like Katherine -- or a family who has been left homeless by an illegal eviction, a senior who lost his home to foreclosure from a crooked loan transaction, or a domestic violence victim unable to navigate the courts to get a restraining order.
"When I finally made up my mind to leave, I had a restraining order put against him and that was $50 but that was $50 well spent to me," said Bunzy, 40. "
Orders for 100 or more copies to be mailed to a single address are discounted 25 percent.
Affectionately painted servants in de Hooch's paintings, such as the housemaid in Woman and Child in an Interior (circa 1658) handing a mug of beer to an elegantly clad little boy, suggest an affinity with the lower orders of society.
OMB determined that this rule was an economically significant regulatory action under Executive Order 12866 because it could result in an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more.
Weight matrices are typically based on order zero Markov chains, meaning they assume that individual base pairs in the binding site affect binding affinity independently.
Both the NYT and WP run stories on a development sure to be cited in this country by libertarians chafing against proposed Internet regulation: China's imposition today of stiff fines and prison sentences for distribution or consumption via the Net of "harmful information," defined as that which "defames government agencies," "impedes public order," or "damages state interests."
The United States Board on Geographic Names was established by an executive order of President Benjamin Harrison in September 1890, and has been active ever since, publishing its decisions and issuing official gazetteers.
These are the ones who believe that FEMA and the Fed are merely fronts for the New World Order or the infiltrating aliens.
A University of California, Irvine, study released Wednesday found an interactive computer system effectively helps people fill out paperwork for restraining orders, eviction defense, small-claims cases and requests for filing-fee waivers.
The interim final rule was determined to be a "significant regulatory action" by OMB under Executive Order No.
In contrast, the sort orders <phylogeny, organism name, cell location, and RNA class> and <organism name, RNA class, phylogeny, and cell location> produce significantly different orders and overall arrangements for the same set of entries (see online examples); the second sorting is more useful when searching for a particular organism, since its exact location on the phylogenetic tree may not be known to the user.
Their third surviving son, the Duke of Viseu, Master of the Order of Christ, would change the map of the world.
In accordance with section 605(b)(5), the Commission notes that the proposed Rule and Order does not duplicate, overlap or conflict with any other relevant federal rule.
As soon as the litigious Alan Keyes and Gary Bauer caught wind of what Russert was doing, they staged a mutiny, refusing to yield the floor to him or follow his orders.
In MSR1, homeologs of all three tomato RFLP markers were found in the same linear order on two adjacent Arabidopsis bacterial artificial chromosome (BAC) clones from chromosome 4 ( Arabidopsis accession numbers are in parentheses): F20M13 (AL035540) and T9A14 (AL035656).
LNCaP-FGC cells were obtained from ATCC (order number CRL-10995) and maintained in RPMI supplemented with 10% FBS as described [ 46 ] . We noticed that LNCaP cells at low density grow best on 15 cm Falcon 3025 tissue culture dishes and that the effects of SKP2 overexpression were most pronounced when cells were cultured on these dishes (data not shown).
Areas of savings include less rework on the part of the construction contractor, fewer change orders to the owner for correction of design errors or omissions, and a lowering of the cost of belatedly adding project upgrade features that should have been addressed in the original design.
The preamble to the final rule notes that the rule has been reviewed in accordance with the provisions of Executive Order No.
The order of rows and columns is arbitrary.
Orders by phone: (202) 512-6000 fax: (202) 512-6061 TDD (202) 512-2537
Dunlap may be able to help companies put their short-term financial houses in order, the argument went, but he can't actually turn a company into a viable long-term enterprise--which may explain why he always seems to focus on selling a company after it's been cleaned up.
Computation of a moving average is thus a zeroth order local regression.
So did Lyndon B. Johnson's better-known 1965 order.
Within the windows of 1001 heartbeats, for which coordination statistics is performed, mean value and standard deviation of heart rate are the same in original and surrogate data but, due to the random order of RR intervals, deterministic phase relations between the heartbeat and any other oscillator (particularly respiration) are destroyed.
(iv) Other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders
The election of Megawati Sukarnoputri as vice president of Indonesia under President Abdurrahman Wahid was widely welcomed around the world as improving the prospects for order and democracy in the country.
With regard to possible sources of downward bias, it is of note that the recent studies suggest that the single day time series studies may understate the short-term effect on the order of a factor of two.
"One of the most oft told of the Larry Stories that circulate at CNN concerns his take-out order when he eats dinner at his desk, before the show.
Both families contain on the order of 100 copies genome-wide.
Both the proposed rule and the final rule were reviewed and approved as complying with the requirements of the Order based on the information supplied by FSIS, including the initial and final Regulatory Impact Analyses.
Declarations taking credit for the attacks had already been faxed to the joint al Qaeda-Egyptian Islamic Jihad office in Baku, with instructions to stand by for orders to "instantly" transmit them to Al Quds al Arabi.
For, Truman and Stalin brought their own historic baggage to the task of creating a new world order after 1945.
2) reveals the search strategy and attribute sort order at the bottom of the page.
The New York Times puts Venezuela inside (although it fronts a picture of troops maintaining order there in the aftermath) and goes instead with the New York state court ruling that the Giuliani administration's aggressive strategy for restricting the number of X-rated bookstores and movie theaters in the Big Apple was based on an overly broad definition of an adult-oriented business.
Finally, we did not vary the order of the scenarios.
This decent elegant fellow human beingWas seated in virtue, character, disability,Behind her the order of the ranged bookshelves,The windows monitored by Venetian blinds--"These can be raised or lowered; numerous slats,Horizontally arranged, and parallel,Which can be tilted so as to admitPrecisely the desired light or air."
In addition, the preambles to the proposed and final rules address Executive Orders 12612 (Federalism) and 12606 (the Family).
Executive Order No.
Whereas the genome of Fugu rubripes is one order of magnitude shorter than the length of the human genome, the total number of genes is estimated to be approximately the same [ 8 9 ] . Because of the low homology of amino- and carboxyl-terminal sequences, we were not able to determine the complete coding sequences of the eight pufferfish TMC proteins unequivocally; nevertheless, we obtained sufficient sequence information of the central parts of the proteins bearing the transmembrane domains to classify the eight pufferfish TMCs into the three subfamilies.
In Bacteria and Archaea the gene order trpEb_1 → trpEa is one of the most highly conserved of genomic gene arrangements.
After the Reconquest it became the home of the new Military Order of Christ (succeeding the disbanded Knights Templars).
The forces that are bringing a little more order to orthography are doing the same to semantics.
Orders for 100 or more copies mailed to a single address are discounted 25 percent.
It is evident in Irish-Americans' increased visits to Ireland (the Irish American Foundation calls them "pilgrimages"); the burgeoning membership of fraternal organizations like the Ancient Order of Hibernians (now at 100,000); and rising contributions to groups like the American Friends of Sinn Fein (in 1995, it raised a record $1.
West said she feels a custody order should be allowed to stand for the full term of the PFA - up to 18 months - as it does in many other counties in the state.
Executive Order No.
Cuyler, send your order in quickly, for she appears to be in sad need of a wardrobe.
(iv) Other relevant information or requirements under Acts and Executive orders
Of course, to get from Chinese to Japanese word order, a simple transposition of two characters may not suffice.
