Of course, we've played different roles.
One group of adults and one group of youth, through two very different processes, have arrived at the same conclusion; our community still has much to do if we are to help ALL of your youth successfully develop into the responsible, productive adults who will our community in the future.
For some, these are very different messages from the ones heard in the street.
Almost every assignment is a challenge in a different way and it never seems to get easier.
In the first meeting, he stressed that the United States was at war with a new and different kind of enemy.
Some members of his administration, he commented, had expressed a different view, but he was the one responsible for making the decisions.
With these initial victories won by the middle of 2002, the global conflict against Islamist terrorism became a different kind of struggle.
Even though the zoot suit was worn by the young men of several different races and ethnicities, it is primarily identified with the pachucos of Los Angeles.
One rapidly runs out of hands and must resort to fingers and toes, for after years of laboriously categorizing these languages, the number of different main branches (called families and subfamilies) came to about ten.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is written (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is written in Hebrew characters; Latin, Greek, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were written in cuneiform, quite suitable for writing on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
True, one can find different from , etc., in an entry so headed, but for absolute constructions one is referred to an entry called “Covered with onions, relish, and ketchup, I ate a hotdog at the ball-park.”
The 100 maps selected for representation from the Survey yield information on several hundred words, some of which are clear variants, others quite different lexical entities.
These are drawn to run midway between/ localities which were shown by the Survey of English Dialects to use the different words or pronunciations which are the subject of the map.
It is divided into eighteen chapters varying in length, each dealing with a different aspect of the authors and their works, among them,
Multiple episodes of PCP and mycobacterial infections were defined by identifying the same organism on different admissions of the same patient.
Both domain architecture and operon analysis have been used extensively to make functional predictions of poorly characterized domains or genes [ 26 27 28 29 ] . Moreover, the presence of evolutionarily conserved operons often correlates with the involvement of the component genes in a sequential pathway or physically interacting complex [ 30 31 ] . We summarize the different forms of contextual information that we extracted from the CYTH domains in the form a network diagram (Fig.
Falwell on a different matter, the future of Jerusalem, but I thought I might just slip this question--the one about me maybe being the Antichrist--into the stream of the interview.
9. The second column, which shows results adjusted for all covariates, is not very different (the only discrepancy is for men with BMI < 18.
These agonists have different time course and concentration profiles for activation of the different MAPK pathways.
Although comprehensive, some issues were not addressed in this previous SR/MA: a formal quantitative synthesis (meta-analysis) was not performed according to different clinical aspects and to main methodological quality dimensions empirically linked to bias [ 7 ] .
This is accomplished by preprogramming a "standard human" data set that contains most of the information that is required to model the different solutes.
Genome statistics: how is Release 3 different?
Both these draft mouse genomes were obtained using a whole-genome shotgun (WGS) strategy, but using different mouse strains and distinct sequence-assembly algorithms.
The data obtained so far on the action of PEDF on different cells may have not considered the presence of these cofactors in the media.
With the model benchmarked to AEO2001, and given the different mix of scenario assumptions previously described, AMIGA reports the results in the figures and tables that follow.
7. BANGLADESH COPS RESCUE DRUG MONKEYS (Same story, different spin.)
The expansion of the potential niche of these populations into different media formulations is indeed remarkable, but should not be construed as an evolutionary trend towards generalism.
Marilyn Sommers noted that different clinical settings can profoundly influence how screening and intervention is delivered.
The weight loss for NAD was again different from Obesity III patients who were AD or ADSx, but AD and ADSx were not significantly different (Fisher, NAD-AD: p < 0.001, NAD-ADSx: p < 0.01, AD-ADSx: p < 0.657).
We show that: (i) cCAF stimulates TN expression and that a 15 aa peptide containing the N-terminal sequence causes the same effects as the whole molecule; (ii) in contrast to its effects on TN production, cCAF-induced increase in FN and Coll I accumulation requires the whole molecule; (iii) the increase in FN protein is not a result of a corresponding increase in mRNA, or increase in MMP production or PA activity but appears to be linked TN production; (iv) increase in Coll I correlates with decreased levels of MMP-1; (v) cCAF chemoattracts fibroblasts and accelerates their migration; (vi) treatment of excision wounds with cCAF increased the levels of all three ECM molecules in the granulation tissue of wounds albeit with different dynamics.
To better understand the reasons for the markedly different MEDACV performances of the four metrics on experimental replicates, we performed simulations.
One pattern that has emerged from comparative analyses of fully sequenced genomes is that, although different pathogen and symbiont lineages approach the same minimal genome size, the inventories of genes retained by these organisms are extremely different [ 3, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36].
The search for additional genes not discovered during early annotation attempts has involved the use of several different approaches.
Moreover, the correlation between differences in gene expression between amplified and unamplified samples for different tumors is weak (Figure 4), suggesting that genes that differ through amplification depend on the sample rather than on systematic changes from amplification.
Within the same clustering algorithm, different similarity measures and different methods to deal with repeated measurements yield different cluster accuracy.
In particular, varying the kinetic parameters will change the behaviour of the system in two different ways: the equilibrium periodic orbit will change and the stability of deviations about this orbit will also change.
These results indicate that molegos can provide a useful basis for identifying specificity determining regions in enzymes with similar active sites but different activity spectra [ 46 28 3 ] . Site directed mutagenesis based on these results can define the function of the unique elements of the APEs, and aid in the design of enzymes with altered specificity.
Any serious policy examination of a suicide hijacking scenario, critiquing each of the layers of the security system, could have suggested changes to fix glaring vulnerabilities-expanding no-fly lists, searching passengers identified by the CAPPS screening system, deploying Federal Air Marshals domestically, hardening cockpit doors, alerting air crew to a different kind of hijacking than what they had been trained to expect, or adjusting the training of controllers and managers in the FAA and NORAD.
Thus, specificity can be generated in different ways.
Different participants in a society will have different views of how civil it is.
He looked to see how aviation might affect our lives in 21 different areas, such as population, family, cities, religion, health, environment, recreation, crime, education, marketing, agriculture, public administration, international relations--you name it.
In the Gambian sample, we observed 24 different haplotypes, and the distribution was dominated by one major haplotype (37.
As such, they throw into sharp relief the differences between the Japanese market and the U.S. market, and point up a basic problem faced by a company like Sega of America: This is an American subsidiary of a Japanese company, trying to target a market different from the one in which its parents are rooted.
The activated AQP1 ion channel is less permeant to TEA than to Na +or K + [ 10 ] ; however, because of the high extracellular Na +concentration (90 mM) in the TEA bath saline in the present study, the measured reversal potential of the activated current was not appreciably different with and without 10 mM TEA.
...A moment's reflection will show that stoat and start are different words, just as coat and cart or moat and mart.
Multiple enzymes catalyzing the same reaction have been described in developmental systems where differential regulation of isoenzymes are deployed in different temporal and spatial contexts.
For the 20 different comparisons, we included three mutant-allele expressing clones (T158M, 803delG, R168X) and four completely skewed wild-type MeCP2 expressing LCLs (R106W, R255X, 803delG, 803delG) from different donors.
The area’s distinctive character owes much to its strong Moorish heritage and its Mediterranean climate, so different from most other parts of the country.
3 confers susceptibility to Schizophrenia in the British population but not in the Japanese population [ 39 ] . Genetic heterogeneity is very common in hereditary deafness [ 40 ] ; also the prevalence of mutations in the connexin 26 gene is a major cause of non-syndromic autosomal recessive deafness that varies in different populations [ 41 ] .
4B, the two mutants also spontaneously lost their inhibitory activity(convert to latency) as wtPAI-1, but at different rates.
Cells were then treated with different doses of androgen.
The different methodologies and assumptions for these approaches are discussed in separate subsections in the effects estimation and valuation sections below.
In the very different context of 1963, however, Kennedy was the first president to call for a tax cut with the explicitly Keynesian purpose of creating a deficit to stimulate the economy.
Altered responses of AR include activation by non-androgen ligands or recognition of other hormone responsive elements different from AREs [ 22 23 ] . We studied if active Stat3 could be responsible for this behavior of AR.
Purposive Sample Instances appropriately selected to answer different evaluation questions, on various systematic bases, such as best or worst practices; a judgmental sample.
For one example data set from eachof the epistasis models, the best architecture was quite different,as shown in Table 1and Figure 5for functional SNP only data.
Three S. cerevisiae expression datasets were examined individually, including the "Compendium" set, composed of expression profiles in response to 300 diverse mutations and chemical treatments [ 5 ] ; the "MAPK" set, composed of 56 conditions chosen to probe the behavior of MAPK signal transduction [ 6 ] ; and the "Cell Cycle" set, composed of 77 conditions relevant to the cell cycle [ 7 ] . Combinations of these datasets were also examined, for a total of five different sets that allowed us to compare the utility of data that probes specific biological processes, such as MAPK signaling or the cell cycle, and that which probes the state of the cell more broadly, such as the Compendium set and the combined sets.
A little math reveals that this "surge" implies average annual GDP growth of 2.8 percent--not too different from the 2.5 percent growth of recent years that Kemp claims is woefully inadequate.
Protein-protein interaction studies using the yeast two-hybrid trap and expression analysis of all kinesins in different tissues and cell types with microarrays can also provide valuable information about the function of the kinesins.
Nomenclature for the description of the different NF1transcripts
However, correct SNP genotyping was observed with 48 different human genomic DNA samples (data not shown).
A dyad is informative only when the offspring has a heterozygous genotype different from that of the parent, thus avoiding the bias of using inferred phase assignments [ 18, 19].
Total signal intensity of different probes was scaled to the same value before comparison.
The distances were computed using different correction methods (Jukes-Cantor, Jin-Nei and Kimura two-parameter methods), by means of the program 'distances' of the GCG package [ 33].
As described in the text, all biopsies had two different regions of the same biopsy expression profiled separately.
Signaling by the IGF-IR has been studied in many different cell types and is important for proliferation, survival, motility, adhesion, transformation, tumor formation and metastasis [for reviews see refs [ 31 32 ] ]. The receptor can directly phosphorylate the insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS-1) and Shc proteins in the intact cell causing activation of PI-3Kinase and ras signaling [ 33 ] . More recently, it has been shown that the IGF-IR signals via the Gβγ subunits of the heterotrimeric Gi complex to stimulate PI-3Kinase and ras, and also activates the JAK/Stat pathway to cause phosphorylation of Stat3 [ 34 35 ] .
John McCain has a slightly different idea.
By general agreement and city ordinance, all buildings must be faced with Jerusalem limestone, giving the city’s different worlds an architectural unity and tying the city in a special way to the land on which it rests.
Chalmers [ 25 ] gives a comprehensive instrument for scoring a randomized clinical trial with detailed questions on every aspect of a trial, and assigns weights to the different sections.
Isolation of a panel of small peptides with different structural properties could improve the performance of the system by providing an option for multiple screens using a variety of peptides.
The main arguments supporting the view that all power-law behaviours are arise from a common duplicative process are that the occurrences of different genomic properties are correlated and the fits between the distributions of biological and simulated data are good.
Rather, it puts us in closer touch with the ordinary, the common, by turning a different light on them."
Only two cases of clonal expansion characterized by identically rearranged segments were detected on different slides.
Because of this coming demographic shift, to move into the future without making changes to federal retirement and health programs- Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid-is to envision a very different role for the federal government.
It may partially reflect genetic polymorphisms that give rise to different Nla III sites and hence different SAGE tags, although this is unlikely to explain observed differences in gene expression between the inbred mice.
We examined from 2 to 8 different samples from these patients over the 3-year study period.
The electromagnetic compatibility behavior of the ITREL-III was examined while exposing the ITREL-III to the fields of 10 different types of GSM 900 MHz mobile phones and 10 different GSM 1800 MHz mobile phones.
(For additional discussion on different sources of error in microarray experiments, see [ 10 11 12 13 ] .)
Several 10 × 10 × 5 mm blocks of tissue were collected from different central cotyledons into cryomold biopsy vinyl specimens molds (Tissue-Tek Cryomold Biopsy, Miles Inc.
What seemed different today was that he also seemed far more present and charismatic than usual, as he hopped discursively from observations on globalization to stories about his childhood in Missouri to jokes about basketball to his substantive proposal of the day, which was a plan to eliminate $10 billion a year in corporate tax subsidies.
Both alpha- and gamma-tocopherol are absorbed from the intestine and secreted into chylomicrons equally well [ 6 7 ] . The selective retention of alpha-tocopherol in plasma is attributed to a number of factors such as the hepatic alpha-tocopherol transfer protein (alpha-TTP), which preferentially incorporates alpha-tocopherol (over gamma-tocopherol) into very low density lipoprotein [ 8 9 10 ] . Indeed, the affinity of the different forms of vitamin E for the alpha-TTP protein appears to be a primary determinant of their plasma levels [ 8 ] . In addition, there is evidence suggesting that gamma-tocopherol is preferentially catabolized to a water-soluble form (2,7, 8-trimethyl-2-(beta-carboxyethyl)-6-hydroxychroman or gamma-CEHC) by side chain oxidation [ 11 12 ] .
In order to further assign species D1 and D2 to the two different conformations, two experiments were done (Fig.
To our knowledge, this report demonstrates for the first time a correlation of serological results with viral load detected by PCR in children with different types of cancer.
Since DCIP and XTT have different redox potentials, and XTT in our work appears to generally be more easily reduced by soil microbial communities, this shows a need to use more than one respiratory dye in this type of experiment.
We undertook a prospective survey in three AIDS health care units in Bogota, Colombia, in order to determine the prevalence of Mycobacterium species in HIV-infected patients and to evaluate the diagnostic value of different types of body fluids to detect the presence of mycobacteria.
We analyzed the ATM protein in different cell lines.
The mean, mode, median and different quantiles of the identity percentage distributions were used for estimating evolutionary distances.
It certainly defies the standard tropes of writing about young people--all that stuff about how it's OK to be yourself, even if you're different.
Unable to formulate a precise allegation, one reporter asked Bauer whether his behavior with McClard had been "flirtatious or in any way different from how you interact with other aides" (answer: no).
The demonstration of S1 nuclease-sensitive sites within the type 2 viral genome overlapping the tk coding region, and the absence of such sites in the type 1 viral genome, suggest that local topology may be different between these HSV-1 and HSV-2.
However, unlike the study described here, in which both spatial and temporal changes in [GAG] were monitored, in the studies described above it was not possible to derive more specific spatial information because the destructive nature of the [GAG] measurements required that time course information be inferred from averages of separate animals/samples harvested at different time points.
It is possible that different mutations result in different developmental effects.
