He said he would pay particular attention to what happens to food and medicine entering the country under the U.N. oil-for-food program.
But Chatterbox doesn't know any other easily understandable phrase that describes this particular kind of offense.)
Because of this, which amino acid is charged onto a particular transfer RNA is utterly arbitrary and controlled by the aminoacyle transferase enzyme that does the charging, plus the structure of the amino acid binding site on the transfer RNA.
It seems legitimate to extend that notion to much of the subtle signaling, chemical and otherwise, within and between autonomous agents, as exemplified by plants that upon infestation by a particular insect secrete a secondary metabolite chemical that "warns" other members of the same species that an insect infestation is happening and to turn on defensive anti-insect secondary metabolites.
If not, then the decoder merely transforms a bit string sent along a communication channel into some other discrete or continuous dynamicsperhaps a set of water-filled bowls is drained by turning on a machine that opens valves between the bowls and to the outside world in particular ways.
Plants, as noted, are said to signal one another with complex secondary metabolites to characterize the particular kinds of insects infesting the glade.
An addition to the whole style common to Chicanos was a particular haircut, long with a ducktail and a wide-brimmed hat.
I have lately been reading accounts of the exploration of the western and northwestern deserts of Australia in the 1870s and I have become very aware of the effect absent necessities might have on the frequency of particular items in discourse.
The way the program works is this: one uses the cursor to highlight a particular word for which synonyms are desired.
Penny Perrick regrets (January 11) that “There is no word in English to describe that particular, special sort of pride that one feels in the achievements of one's children.”
Although it is true that isoglosses, in effect, set off the various areas where a particular usage was recorded, more accurately an isogloss is drawn to connect sites either where speakers employ both usages or where speakers using one or the other live in very close proximity.
Bella wasn’t going to CWS alone though, a few people were leaving Standback, no particular reason for it.
It has run into particular opposition from companies aligned with Nokia, which has developed a competing software.
The city also needs to begin openly discussing what happens underground, in particular with the transportation network.
Your accusations of inappropriate cutting are once again entirely unsupported -- in fact, it is quite clear from watching that particular scene that there is not a single cut from the point at which Moore asks Heston a second time for the cause of the higher violence in the States, and the point when he mentions the Kayla Rolland incident.
It is not a flawless diamond -- the "48 hours" scene in particular suffers from bad editing, the statistics are suboptimal, and Heston gets a bit more bashing than he deserves.
For the purposes of this proposal, I will assume that the nest maintenance and food processing ants have marked the midden with a particular pheromone.
Language plays a complex and integral role in the development and redefinition of an identity, particularly when that identity has been oppressed and subsumed by a dominant other for as long as that of the indigenous peoples in Latin America has. In particular I will examine two divergent yet remarkably parallel cases, that of the Maya in Guatemala and the Nasa and Guambiano peoples of Colombia.
TERRORISM is "the systematic use of violence to create a general climate of fear in a population and thereby to bring about a particular political objective.
You may not be able to rescue that particular animal.
In this particular movement, Bartók feigns moving to the tonal dominant, C, for the second theme before reinterpreting C as a chromatic passing tone between D♭ and B—this and other subtleties shown in Example 2 will be explained in detail in later sections.
As a member of the Student Athlete Advisory Committee and as a long-time varsity athlete, you might say I have particular stake in the proposal.
But academics are only one particular kind of knowledge.
The uncertainty of the market stems from the fact that production of any particular film revolves around whether or not sufficient financing is obtained to start and ultimately complete production of any given film.
Work which provides an underlying project-based structure, such as in construction (‘jobs’), law (cases), or computing (programmes), provides a particular time span for reciprocities to occur.
In particular, to prevent the reoccurrence of energy shortages and price volatility, a diverse mix of fuel sources should be maintained.
The Service Our old friend Gladys attended church services one particular Sunday.
Bad Landing An airline pilot wrote that on this particular flight he had hammered his ship into the runway really hard.
 it legislates retrospectively, it is, in effect, looking at particular authors and estates of authors who are before Congress asking for this extension, and it's choosing between these particular authors and the public at large. Now
 it legislates retrospectively, it is, in effect, looking at particular authors and estates of authors who are before Congress asking for this extension, and it's choosing between these particular authors and the public at large. Now
, it may provide additional incentives for the patentee to exploit and promote and disseminate that particular work. Wit
, and is your argument that we find and hold against their retrospective because there is some, at least plausible basis should so argument, to say that there can be a causal connection between the retrospective extension and some benefit that can be traced to those particular works through the retrospective extension, like dissemination? Is 
Is it necessary to have a document identifying the language and the character sets which cater for particular language?
Some amount of profiling may be necessary for UCS use in some countries, do we need to specify that globally or we can leave it to particular region to be solved as regional matter?
>All the above reflects my personal belief that this particular >BOF-cum-WG >should stretch to maintain the status of "Caesar's wife;" and also >reflects >my concern at the questions being raised by others last week.
I was born here, and I was lucky enough not to get attached to any particular river.
"We have seen that raising consumer awareness and concern among restaurants and retailers about a particular fishery can really make a difference."
In joint deliberations on appropriations for the United States Postal Service and certain other agencies and departments for Fiscal Year 2002, the committee of conference directed both the Postal Service and the Postal Rate Commission to prepare reports on particular areas of the Postal Service's authority under existing law.
The second section addresses the same topics in connection with Negotiated Service Agreements (NSAs), so-called "niche classifications," which are special service and rate arrangements negotiated between the Postal Service and a particular mailer or groups of mailers with features tailored to their use of the postal system.
Commission proceedings in which the Postal Service has sought to introduce service innovations-some of them customized for particular groups of mailers-on an expedited basis.
The rules depart from those generally applicable to proposed mail classification changes by reducing the amount of supporting evidence the Postal Service is required to produce, and by expediting the Commission's procedural schedule for considering the particular form of proposed change.
Three of the new sets of rules prescribe expedited procedures for particular categories of Postal Service requests.
considerations could support recommendation of rate and classification changes tailored to the capabilities and needs of particular mailers.
The Commission might, after considering cost and other relevant evidence, establish a range of permissible rates for particular subclasses, with the Postal Service and individual mailers free thereafter to negotiate rates within this range; or
According to the architecture historian Peter Collins, the use of the word style to designate the architecture of a particular period or country is relatively late.
Although most people would describe this house as “traditional,” this is not an exercise in a particular historical style.
Fear that being linked to a particular style is to be put in a box—like most creative people, architects dislike being categorized.
The extent of overlap of each transcript against the supporting evidence used during the re-annotation was determined using an intersection algorithm to determine the annotations overlapped by particular types of evidence [ 12].
We conclude that the apparent SIC1 -dependence of bypass by tab3-1 and other tab mutants relates more to the strength of the particular mutation, rather than the mechanism of bypass.
On a subject of particular interest to
Whether feedback of these particular errors could improve risk estimation has not been examined.
In particular, there is no agreed upon reference or "gold" standard measuring device for spinal palpatory procedures.
Department of Labor reflecting the prevailing wages in the particular agricultural sector.
In the toy-store scene, for instance, Oskar says of a neighbor who also took part in the great national pogrom, though he wasn't in that particular store: "Meyn was not there," he says, "just as the ones who were there were not somewhere else"--a swipe at all the Germans who claimed not to have been around whenever Nazi crimes took place.
Spatial heterogeneity of signal can be observed in microarray data and in particular in cDNA microarray data.
While this generic structure is conserved throughout the Bacteria there are number of variations, in particular lineages of bacteria, in terms of adducts to the glycan, and composition of the peptide chain [ 1, 2].
Admittedly, certain groups have their particular vocabulary.
In particular, growing
Smith believes that the Catholic League, which is authorized by neither the Church nor the Vatican, was looking for an excuse to attack Disney that particular week.
This is because unlike traditional patient information tools (such as a brochure or a video where only a limited amount of preoperative information can be provided), a Web site could be structured to address the particular questions an individual patient might have.
Chihuly is all you need to say, whether you're talking about a particular glass piece ("a Chihuly") or evoking the movement, the institution, the aesthetic, and the regional identity epitomized by the Northwest's (and the glass world's) most famous artist.
Thus, given a particular genetic background, treatment with an antagonist against CRH-R1 can mimic the genetic abolition of gene function.
0. Thus '011' would indicate a particular gene whose expression, relative to control, was increased at a magnitude >2.
Average Difference Intensity (ADI): average measure of intensity of hybridization for a series of match and mismatch probe pairs tiled across a particular gene transcript.
That is, MEME decides during the motif identification whether or not to include a sequence; the numbers of sequences that MEME used for the alignments are given in Tables 2and 4. We observed that MEME is rather restrictive in deciding whether to use a particular sequence or not; thus, the number of sequences in any given motif alignment is rather small, and searching for binding sites as described below resulted in larger numbers of sequences with a particular motif.
In cell culture, A549 monolayer also faithfully exhibits various aspects of RSV infection and RSV-host interaction, including robust virus growth, formation of syncytia, activation of NF-kappa B (NF-κB), and elaboration of a battery of cytokines in response to virus infection [ 18 19 20 21 22 ] . In this paper we have, therefore, continued the use of A549 cells to elucidate the mechanism of RSV-actin interactions, and in particular, test the role of profilin in the pathways that are likely to involve such interactions.
If learners want more than a valency pattern for a particular verb or group of verbs or more than the translation equivalent(s) of a single source-language word, where do they turn?
A slightly simplified version of the data from Baker and Lindeman [ 9 ] is given in Table 3. In particular, to simplify the calculations for the hospital designated as number 11, we regrouped data from multiple time periods into two time periods.
Summing up the excess cancer cases for all of the relevant compounds assumes an additive relationship - that particular compounds do not interact in a synergistic or threshold-related manner to influence dose-response relationships.
The population was studied according to cancer diagnosis (leukemia, lymphoma and solid tumor) and according to the age at the time of a particular sample has been taken.
The dephosphorylation of phosphoproteins is universally catalyzed by protein phosphatases that are classified into two major functional groups, protein tyrosine phosphatase (PTP) and protein serine/threonine phosphatase (PP) although enzymes with various degrees of dual-specificity are also encountered [ 1 2 3 4 5 ] . The majority of Ser/Thr phosphatases belong to three classical groups, namely PP1, PP2A, and PP2B (calcineurin), and possess similar primary structures in their catalytic cores [ 2 3 6 ] . PP1, in particular, exhibits an extremely high degree of sequence conservation through evolution, and its orthologs and isoforms are found in all eukaryotic cells [ 6 7 ] . In various organisms, PP1 regulates such diverse cellular processes as cell cycle progression, protein synthesis, carbohydrate metabolism, transcription, and neuronal signaling [ 3 7 ] , underscoring its profound importance in biology.
The results provided by the CASP organisers and assessors show how well a particular group did, but do not measure performance of individual methods in separate contexts.
A screening system looks for particular, identifiable suspects or indicators of risk.
Black tea has been shown to have a preventative effect against skin carcinogenesis in animal models [ 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . Of particular interest are the accumulating data that reflect similar potential health benefits associated with both the epicatechins of green tea and the theaflavins of black tea [ 10 11 ] . Several mechanisms may be responsible for the anti-initiation and anti-promotion properties of black tea [ 5 10 11 12 13 14 15 ]
Readers may also wonder whether SLATE will have a particular political flavor.
Clarke and others told us of a particular concern about possible attacks on the Fourth of July.
Poor education is a particular concern.
For all that, however, there's a lot of smoke being blown about Sara Lee's restructuring in particular and about the supposed evils of vertical integration in general.
The index is expressed as percent certainty that a particular prediction is correct: A = 99.
After more than 50 years of study, the anatomy of the brain is well described and many brain functions have been mapped to particular substructures [ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8].
Even though structure prediction methods need further development, it is possible to produce models where functional hypotheses can be tested in a rational manner (for example, with mutagenesis experiments) through detailed analysis [ 54 ] . Additionally, structure comparisons can be used to detect functional relationships that cannot be detected by sequence information alone [ 52 ] , and micro-environment analyses that parse models for particular three-dimensional motifs [ 55 ] can be used to discern molecular function.






The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
