Clarke added that VX precursor traces found near al Shifa were the "exact formula used by Iraq."
They manage to get Burke's heart started, but his brain shows only scant traces of activity; and in the hospital he keeps flatlining and being resuscitated--15, 16, 17 times.
Traces of "altropine," an antidote to chemical weapons, had been found by the KLA on the bodies of dead Serb soldiers, it added.)
Today it raises more, with an inside piece stating that chemists hired by the plant's owners examined soil samples from the plant and found no traces of chemical weapons compounds.
In its pages can be found linguistic traces of the former rivalry between Boer and Briton, the naming practices of the Khoi and San (Hottentot and Bushman in former terms), racial conflict (derogatory terms like Boer, Kaffir, and Hottentot each have more than a page devoted to them), the political discourse of the apartheid regime, and the counter-discourse of the resistance movements.
Her Pearl is at an age when you can see in her skin the last traces of girlish pliancy but also where the cares have begun to leave a residue.
At some locations there were no traces of SC (Figure 4A) whereas at others it was relatively well formed with a thin endothelial lining (Figure 4B).
Traces of stone structures date back to prehistoric times.
All of the amendments adopted and ratified over the last 135 years reveal the traces of a shared understanding, an unconscious plan, of what American government should be like.
The Visigoths and Vandals destroyed almost all traces of culture in the area, and it wasn’t until after the Moors invaded, in 711, that the first city was constructed.
At the beginning of each experiment, cells were washed three times with Hank's buffered sterile saline (Cellgro) to remove traces of serum and were placed in Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium containing 0.2% lactalbumin hydrolysate (Gibco/BRL, Rockville, MD, USA).
Their half millennium here left indelible traces, seen today in whitewashed houses, hilltop castles, and colorful ceramic tiles.
Therefore hunting dogs bathed with this plant would recognise the smell of the agouti, which would carry traces of the strong smell of Piper marginatum .
Six thousand years ago a village, evidently thriving, occupied this farmland, but traces of habitation came to light only in the 1950s, when workmen were digging the foundations for a new factory.
In fact, Tutmosis II tried to remove all traces of her at Luxor and Karnak when he finally became Pharaoh following her death, but this does not spoil the formidable architectural achievement of the temple itself.
But thus far, the country’s earliest traces of homo sapiens, found in the Niah Caves of northern Sarawak, are fragments of a skull dating to 40,000 b.c.
The valley between Temple Mount and the Mount of Olives holds traces left by Jerusalem’s earliest inhabitants.
A fire in 1886 and property-developers left few traces of the 19th-century town, but bold contemporary architecture downtown and out at the Simon Fraser and University of British Columbia campuses blends beautifully with the mountain and ocean backdrop.
That tension is superbly embodied in Julianne Moore, who issues poisoned ultimatums from behind a smile frozen firmly in place and an erect carriage that carries only subtle traces of the warped inner being.
Traces remain of older parts of the temple carved out of the cliff face, a natural aggregate of volcanic debris which quickly wears away — the pebbly beach here is the result.
916–1125), but there are almost no traces of it in Beijing today.
Mars is exposed to high fluxes of UV radiation and is very dry (atmospheric water = 210 ppm) and cold (average temperature is about 218 K, -55°C, -67°F) with only traces of oxygen and with an atmosphere composed mostly of carbon dioxide (CO 2 - 95.
The gypsum throne is the oldest in Europe and traces of paint show that it would have been brightly colored when in use.
And it took a project of rare slickness and vacuity to help him blot out all traces of his hitherto peculiar but attractive personality.
As a result of the painstaking centimeter-by-centimeter recovery of the fragmentary but still powerful traces of the “real Leonardo,” we can now see, for example, that Philip (third to the right) has an expression of acute grief rather than the simpering pathos left by “restorers” who presumed to improve on the original.
Arrested between thought and action, Gandolfini still bears traces of childlike befuddlement in his doughy face; he can't begin to figure out why the foundations of his world have become so illusory.
The CO 2 was provided from a bottle of reagent-grade carbon dioxide (>99% purity) as compressed gas and was scrubbed to remove traces of oxygen and water.
Caló was originally the language of the Spanish gypsies, or a dialect of Spanish showing traces of many languages acquired by the gypsies throughout their world wanderings.
Adrenalectomy was verified in each individual by visual inspection to assure that no visible traces of the adrenal glands were observed.
Twenty-one of the 28 heads of Notre-Dame’s kings of Judah (see page 33), some retaining traces of their original pigmentation (1220), were found in a bank vault and brought here.
In the heavily restored royal offices, which are used by the present king and queen, traces of early paintwork survive on ceilings and frescoed walls.
It was first settled more than 3,000 years ago, and traces of the Shang Dynasty city wall can still be seen beyond the present city limits.
In particular, the bust bears traces of "three small swellings on the nasal corner of the left eye"--swellings that are evident on the death mask as well.
Traces of the old town can still be found around the port, though it is difficult to locate anything but British or German bars and restaurants along the crowded beachfront.
The award-winning illustrated history magazine -Traces of Indiana and Midwestern History; the scholarly journal- Indiana Magazine of History; the family history publication -The Hoosier Genealogist; and the Hoosier African-American history newsletter- Black History News & Notes.
Dimming natural blondes would scrupulously dye the blond back in and touch up all traces of shadow at the roots weekly.
The pastel blue crescent of Lake Batur takes up the eastern third of the great bowl, and out of the center grows Mount Batur itself, bare rock streaked with black traces of old lava flows.
The FT said it evoked memories of the 1990 Perrier scare, when traces of benzene were found in the mineral water.
It is exactly that: a few smudged traces of pencil on an elaborately matted and framed piece of paper.
After removing the last traces of the final wash from the agarose pellet, 30 μl of the sample buffer (0.
Less than 64 km (40 miles) to the west of Budapest, human traces thought to be half a million years old have been excavated and are now on display at the Hungarian National Museum.
As a consequence, one of the initial steps in the Release 2 assembly was to identify known repetitive elements, including transposable elements, and remove their traces from the early steps of the assembly process [ 2].
At the beginning of each experiment, chondrocytes or OA synovial fibroblasts were washed three times with Hanks balanced salt solution (Cellgro) to remove traces of serum, and placed in DMEM containing 0.2% lactalbumin hydrolysate (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA, USA).
4Dshows syncytium formation in the early culture, with traces of cytoplasmic (white arrowheads, compare with panel 4E) but no nuclear ERα immunoreactivity.
Who else would tune his ear so finely for traces of an emerging national consciousness, while teasing out the finer points of its economic, social, and moral awareness?
Paint traces may indicate that Princess Diana's car collided with a black Fiat just before the fatal crash.
What looks suitable now is fur in piquant traces, decorative little sealskin scarves or squirrel trim for hoods or neat fox collars for coats.
Furthermore, pre-pulse potentials larger than +30 mV did not promote additional inactivation, which can be seen by comparing traces 2 and 3 in the γ 1 het and γ 1 null cells.
This allowed us to remove the second step in the original assembler's repeat reconstruction strategy, in which repeat traces were added to the assembly even when they were not paired with a unique read.
After the unique sequence was assembled and sequence contigs were ordered and oriented, those transposable element sequence traces were added back.
In cases of multiple identical copies of repeated sequence, phd files were used to generate an accurate assembly, but not necessarily an accurate quality score, as it is impossible to automatically constrain the location of individual traces.
The WGS sequence traces corresponding to the region spanned by each BAC in the tiling path were then pooled with the sequence traces generated from that BAC (approximately 1.5× coverage [ 1]) and assembled using phrap.
WGS traces were obtained from Celera Genomics with a listing for each trace that included name, insert size and coordinates in Release 2. We determined the Release 2 coordinates of each BAC-end in our tiling path by comparison of the BAC-end sequences to the Release 2 sequence.
AssembleSubclone.pl was used to join the two traces, generated by primers in opposite direction from the same transposon insertion, prior to phrap assembly of 3- or 10-kb plasmid clones; this process effectively doubles the read length.
These traces were combined with sequence traces (1.
Genotyping results were visualized as both real time reaction traces and as an end-point assay.
Current traces for only three voltage steps are shown for clarity.
Only those sequence traces derived from repetitive DNA that could be associated with their unique mate pairs were included in our assemblies.
The right panel shows the 4-AP sensitive current obtained by subtracting the current traces recorded in the presence (middle) of the drug from those recorded in the absence (left) of the drug.
Fluorescence traces were normalized using early cycles as a baseline, and a threshold value was determined, typically at 10-fold above the average standard deviation of the baseline values.
Using deconstruct.pl, we extracted local regions from the main assembly and reassembled the associated traces and their mate pairs at high stringency using phrap.
This step was not done with D2 sequences because individual sequence traces and Phred scores were not available from Celera.
These traces were combined with sequence traces (1.
Of the six principal photointermediates present in bR, four can be discerned from the time-dependent visible absorbance traces from pR in fig.
Sequence traces belonging to transposable element families were assembled using an aggressive strategy that resulted in composite sequences for most of the transposable elements in Release 2. Part of the finishing effort has been to determine the sequence of each individual element.
The assembly algorithm that produced WGS1 did not adequately handle repeat resolution; a variety of improvements, including a different method of placing repeat traces, better identification of repeat traces, and the introduction of a sequence correction algorithm, resulted in better subsequent assemblies, particularly of repetitive regions.
Only the latter deserves to be called 'synchronization' in the physical sense - see also Footnote 2. Answers can be found (i) by looking at the variability of both signals and (ii) by constructing appropriate bivariate surrogate data which preserve essential univariate properties of the original data but lack typical traces of phase coupling.
The Ciona intestinalis Runx gene was assembled with sequence files obtained from the Trace Archive database.
The two traces on top of each image correspond to the time course of the fluo-4 fluorescence averaged across the entire line-scan at -10 mV, which is close to the threshold, and at +90 mV, which produced the maximum Ca 2+transient.
1. visual analysis of raw EEG traces,
In answer to the objection that urine tests reveal only very recent use of hard drugs, Bruce Reed says that before long, drug-testing technology will have advanced from urine to hair tests, which may reveal chemical traces for up to a year.
We then binned all the traces belonging within a particular BAC and extending 500 bp beyond the end sequence of that BAC.
But 20 years ago, the same impulse was called punk and, as Greil Marcus documents in Lipstick Traces , it was other things before that.
