To counter this, the populations moved from their homes on the coast and built settlements inland, out of sight of the raiding parties.
It's based on his own experience, a moment when he caught sight of such a girl and had an impulse to give her all his money (or rather, all his wife's money, since the family money actually belongs to Claire).
Nearby, a couple of local tourist sights, on all the package excursions, have curiosity value but little else.
The WP, LAT, and NYT lead with a Mideast peace deal apparently almost in sight.
But in certain homes this Christmas, the sight of unopened gifts under the tree will bring tears of grief and sorrow.
One final sight in Belém is the modern Monument to the Discoverers.
It's true that they were smelly and that the sight of poverty and desperation are not pleasant, and they all told the same self-serving lies for my benefit, and could never remember no matter how many times they were told that white women don't think it's a compliment to be told they have big legs, and they were noisy, although they would pipe down if you cared to go out at three in the morning to ask, which the tourists sure won't.
There is no recession in sight, and it would be foolish to try to forecast the timing of one more than a year in the future.
Policymakers were asking them to move into the digitized future to fight against computer-to-computer communications and modern communication systems, while maintaining capability against older systems, such as high-frequency radios and ultra-high- and very-high-frequency (line of sight) systems that work like old-style television antennas.
In that chapter we also described how Mihdhar was spotted in Kuala Lumpur early in January 2000, along with associates who were not identified, and then was lost to sight when the group passed through Bangkok.
The trip takes just 20 minutes — less time than it would take to drive to and over the new bridge — and the white town of Ayamonte is a fine sight as you approach it from the river.
From whatever part of town you view it, the Catedral is a beautiful sight.
6. Pollitt and Sullivan alike deem me insensitive to the depth and complexity of the psyche, and Sullivan warmly endorses psychoanalyst Jonathan Lear's admonition that we dare not reject Freud lest those qualities drop out of sight.
And even if we think that all children are equal in the sight of God, we might understandably bequeath our property to our own kin.
Even when these sights are bustling with visitors you’re likely to find them compelling.
The city’s most interesting sight is the Convento de Nossa Senhora da Conceição, with its fine Manueline carving, bright Moorish-style azulejos, splendid Baroque chapel, and an explosion of rococo gold leaf.
Opulent, old-fashioned theaters such as those in Cienfuegos, Camagüey, and Matanzas, not to mention Havana’s magnificent Gran Teatro, are sights in their own right.
Luxor temple does not have a sound and light show but it is open late each evening, offering you a chance to enjoy the majestic remains under floodlights, a very romantic sight to behold.
Another popular sight are the Brindavan Gardens, in Mughal style, some 19 km (12 miles) north of Mysore, worth visiting at night when the fountains are flood-lit.
Even so, most visitors only pass through Jinan on their way to such traditional sights of Shandong as the holy mountain Taishan (see page 163) and Qufu, the birthplace of Confucius (see page 195).
The article begins with a pointed reference to Hillary Clinton's charge that a "vast right-wing conspiracy" has Bill Clinton in its sights.
When diabetes took his sight he suffered severe depression, became withdrawn, and all but refused to leave his home until he went for rehabilitation training at WBRC.
Some of Cuba’s best beaches lie on the north coast of Oriente within sight of the mountains.
Two-piece bathing suits are so much a part of wholesome American life that the world's wives and daughters have been wearing them for decades, and navels of all ages are a customary sight.
But it's true that by the 1950s, when MoMA purchased one of Monet's boldest big panel paintings (which later burned in storage), Monet was no longer viewed as merely a safe painter of pretty suburban sights.
These prices appear prohibitive at first sight in a country, which only spends a few dollars/person/year for health care.
Meanwhile, there is no resolution in sight.
The sight of the Yangzi water rushing between the sheer walls and evocative rock formations never fails to stir the traveler’s spirit.
But it is still, at first sight, hard to understand how China can attract so much foreign investment without running a large current account deficit.
We are trained to handle cases of this sort in the following way: We would put a person within sight of the customer who's stealing without actually confronting her.
The huge sand dunes, perpetually changing, make for a surreal sight.
This was perhaps the cutest sight I have ever witnessed in my life.
Unlike Levi's, Guess has made its way in the world by subcontracting out production work, violating minimum-wage and maximum-hour laws, and suing everyone in sight.
The surgeon with Tourette's, the blind man who regained his sight to his dismay, the subjects variously marooned in the hippie subculture of 1969 or in a Tuscan village of the 1930s, the remarkably gifted autists--all are admirable, all are moving, all are acutely recognizable in human terms.
But the most popular tourist sight is Topkapı Palace, the home of the Ottoman sultans, where the riches of the Imperial Treasury and the intrigue of the Harem draw many thousands of visitors each year.
The sight of the inner teen-ager acting out ought to be fairly sobering.
Take the walkway on the opposite side of the ﬂyover from the baths and you will catch the incongruous sight of a dozen isolated Corinthian columns with a 1960s housing estate backdrop.
The junks are a picturesque sight: children frolicking on the poop deck, women preparing food or playing mah-jong, elderly folk watching the sunset, dogs and cats underfoot, songbirds in bamboo cages overhead — and all afloat.
The strata, colors, and manic whirls are a fascinating sight.
She buried his remains to spare her mother the gruesome sight.
The sight is not to be believed — except that you absolutely must believe in the authenticity of their kneeling before a shrine to the Virgin of Guadalupe just before plunging head first into a narrow slit of water, 130 feet below.
Central Paris is surprisingly compact, and most hotels are close to many of the sights.
To the contrary--it's precisely because she is likable that her husband's handlers will stick her in our faces until we can't stand the sight of her.
At a press conference following the screening of his film Dogma , which will have its first public showing October 4 as part of the New York Film Festival, the writer, director, and professed devout Catholic Kevin Smith appeared both shell-shocked and befuddled by the outrage that his movie, sight unseen, had provoked.
Himeji’s magnificent castle is unquestionably one of the region’s “must-do” sights.
One of the most impressive sights on your trip will be the rivalry of the Canadian Pacific and Canadian National railways in action: endless trains of freight wagons, pulled and pushed often by two engines at either end for the tougher stretches, snake through the canyons on opposite banks of the river.
For me, the red alert was the sight of Tom Hanks gulping and tearing up.
Most historic buildings, museums, and traditional sights are located in the capital.
Revolutionizing the whole stuffy concept of law courts, with not a marble column or portico in sight, this sparkling structure spreads out in tiers of glassed-in walkways, offices, and courtrooms, and also shops, restaurants, a small cinema, and a skating-rink.
Do Americans grow faint at the sight of their own blood?
The Huangshan phenomenon that has most inspired painters and photographers is the sight of cottony clouds nuzzling the mountainsides.
On the road toward Faro is a pair of historical sights.
A Pontiac Bonneville is as rare a sight in Seoul as an Aston-Martin is here.
Paintings that seem at first sight to be sober treatments of an enduring order turn out on closer inspection to have pockets of deep pathos or subtle humor.
Big Mac wrappers, half-full Slurpee drink cups and french fry bags have to be constantly swept out of sight."
From the perspective of a mayor or state legislator it sounds like a public-relations debacle: The sight of federal agents cuffing some beloved Marcus Welby for recommending a marijuana cigarette for kindly Uncle Sebastian suffering from AIDS will not go over well with voters.
Hundreds of careworn buildings were brought back to life, and power cables were buried underground and out of sight.
But photographs of them have been published and exhibited, and they represent an important step in the transfer of aesthetic interest from the teapot--with its long decorative history--to the kettle, which genteel people had kept out of sight.
Tour guides say the red paste is to spare Hanuman the sight of the goings-on — more acrobatic than erotic — carved on the struts of the small Jaganath Temple opposite.
In rhapsodic language reminiscent of Henry Roth, Kazin takes in all the crackling sounds and sights of the emerging city, the trolleys and the crush of people and the dark roofs of Manhattan.
These dogs are usually scent and not sight hounds.
The WSJ quotes one brokerage house stock expert to the effect that the Fed isn't tightening, interest rates aren't rising and there isn't a recession in sight.
"The sight of the Great Officers of State walking backwards ahead of the Sovereign will remain unchanged, however.
Architecture aficionados won’t want to miss one last sight on Montjuïc: the Pabelló Mies van der Rohe, a pavilion built for the 1929 International Expo by the seminal minimalist.
And within easy travelling distance of the city are the other major sights of the Dead Sea region.
And it goes without saying that clue texts may be arranged in such a way that, at first sight, certain words appear to belong to a different inflectional form or word class than is actually the case when the clue is unlocked.
Israel is a small country, measuring just 445 km (260 miles) north to south and 112 km (70 miles) at its widest point, yet it packs in so many sights that you couldn’t possibly see them all in the space of a two-week or even three-week trip.
Charged up by the rhythms of the crowd, his newfound candor, and the sight of a dishy, dreadlocked young woman (Halle Berry), Bulworth embarks on a hallucinatory odyssey that includes a stop at Kentucky Fried Chicken; a fund-raiser at a mogul's mansion, at which he lectures the appalled "big Jews" on their greed and the lousiness of their movies; and a visit to the bowels of the inner city, where he placates gun-toting black juveniles by buying them ice cream and standing up to the white cops who stop to harass them.
We thank everyone who resubscribed, sight unseen, and especially those who enclosed heartening notes, made helpful suggestions, and, in general, cheered us on.
Such sights include the colorful “tams” (knitted hats worn by Jamaican men to cover their mane of dreadlocks) and the red ackee fruit that ripens at the beginning of the year.
The look and the feel are authentic enough, once one is on the wall itself, out of sight of the shops, vendors, tour buses, parking lots, and cable cars below.
You and your family will be awestruck by the sights and sounds along Audubon's nature trails, where birds and wildlife exist undisturbed.
All in all, the park in an impressive sight, with slope after slope of vegetation laced with mountain streams and beautiful waterfalls and mountain peaks extend away into the distance.
A favorite sight with visiting photographers is the Cervantes monument: A stone sculpture honoring the author looms behind bronze statues of his immortal characters, Don Quixote and Sancho Panza, astride their horse and donkey, respectively.
At first sight, it might seem obvious that the fewer currencies there are, the better.
It sits atop some of the highest cliffs on Puerto Rico, a truly spectacular sight.
At the end of this extended gazetteer, we provide “Briefings” on 24 additional cities and sights that are less frequently visited on typical tours.
At these sights, though, you’ll invariably be part of a crowd, especially in high season (which grows every year).
From this barrio you’ll be able to see the most prominent sight in Alicante, the historic Castillo de Santa Bárbara, perched 115 metres (350 feet) above the city on Mount Benacantil.
As long as Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic is willing to withstand airstrikes, "there is no real end in sight," former Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger cautioned this weekend.
From a power base in Anatolia, the Persians overran the eastern Aegean Islands and set their sights on the Cyclades.
They then set their sights on the islands of the Knights of St. John and, after an unsuccessful siege in 1480, they finally ejected the knights from the Dodecanese in 1522.
Here are the big summer releases from the other major studios: The X-Files ; Small Soldiers ; Armageddon ; Six Days, Seven Nights ; Something About Mary ; Ever After ; The Mask of Zorro ; Dr. Dolittle ; Mulan ; Jane Austen's Mafia ; BASEketball ; Disturbing Behavior ; Madeline ; Out of Sight ; Halloween: H20 ; Saving Private Ryan ; The Parent Trap ; and Snake Eyes . Subtract Saving Private Ryan , which was a virtuoso piece of moviemaking despite its hack storytelling, and subtract one or two others that qualify as harmless fun.
Republicans said the bill had lost sight of its original goal--reducing teen smoking--and become a tax-and-spend monstrosity full of extraneous special-interest tax breaks and off-budget spending.
When she sets her sights on something, she's a formidable force."
A front-page LAT news analysis is less rosy because it sets its sights on long-term prospects for Pakistani democracy, rather than on allaying immediate international worries.
Movie -- At First Sight ;
I attempted to do big things without ever losing sight of the little things."
Undeterred, Gomberg continued, "We have to aim our sights higher.
On-Sight Supervision
Expanding at a purposeful but more leisurely pace than other leading Canadian cities, Vancouver has never lost sight of the importance of enjoying life at the same time.
"Most of all, it would be disastrous--especially at this time of undeniably chillier relations between China and the US--to lose sight of the larger guarantee of security that comes from the present policy course, of engagement with China, through trade, diplomacy and dialogue," it added.
At First Sight
From a power base in Anatolia, the Persians overran the eastern Aegean Islands and set their sights on the Cyclades.
Movie -- At First Sight ;
When you sight Mount Teide on a distant horizon you will understand the profusion of legends.
The offshore Marietas Islands offer the rare opportunity to sight Blue- (and Yellow-) Footed Booby Birds.
