First, the scan statistic evaluates geographic relationships using centroids and a circular scan window.
As missing data for relatively small datasets are not tolerated by the SAM algorithm, the most significantly induced genes identified in this way were not identical to the list generated by ranking the average log 2 (T n /T 0 ), but this alternative approach did confirm the observation that the NFκB-responsive genes were significantly induced by all bacterial infections, and that this induction was robust through a 2-4-hour window.
The flickering light emanating from the small round windows gives the lake 15 reflections imitating the real moon.
Let the windmill be located very near the window with the flap valve inside the total gas system.
Over the millennia, an arched hole had been created here by the pounding of the waves of the Atlantic; known as the Glass Window, this opening made it possible for sailors on the Exuma Sound to see “through the island” to the Atlantic.
The large windows let in too much light (today, most are papered over with aluminum foil), cement dust from the exposed concrete beams falls on the lab tables, and the rigid plan has proved inflexible to changing needs.
As you get off, the 52-story Jardine House with porthole-shaped windows catches the eye.
Look out your window, burrow down a foot or so, and try to establish what all the microscopic life is busy doing and building and has done for billions of years, let alone the macroscopic ecosystem of plants, herbivores, and carnivores that is slipping, sliding, hiding, hunting, bursting with flowers and leaves outside your <b>window</b>.
Besides sheltering the most vulnerable of the cathedral’s statuary and some stained-glass windows from the earlier 12th-century Romanesque building, the museum has a fine collection of Alsatian medieval painting by Konrad Witz, Martin Schongauer, and Hans Baldung Grien.
Motifs copied from medieval altar screens ornamented the rooms—stained glass was used in windows and papier-mâché fan-vaults covered the ceiling.
This center of antique and art galleries has some wonderful windows to gaze into.
Doors and windows we will break.)
Next to the church, the prison-like building with those fierce, barred windows was, in fact, a prison when it was built in the 17th century.
In the window is a flap valve.
Small porcelain likenesses of canal houses look pretty in the windows of houses and hotels.
Next, says Maxwell, warming to his point, “Imagine that my wee friend operates the flap valve such that, whenever a fast gas particle approaches the window from inside the left box toward the right box, he opens the flap and lets the faster than average, hence hotter, gas particle through.
Try to arrive as the chapel opens or at sunset (see page 39) and make your way to the upper level, where light blazes in through 15 stained-glass windows separated by buttresses so slim that there seems to be no wall at all.
Mies van der Rohe’s steel-and-glass style likewise prevailed for more than two decades, and his characteristic I-beam window mullion can still be seen in contemporary curtain walls.
The rest of Alte is the Algarve of postcards — white-washed houses along narrow streets, colorful windows, filigreed chimney pots, and red-tiled roofs.
The chant states that they’re angels from heaven and are asking for gifts, although if they receive none, they may break doors and windows.
The chambers were totally refurbished by Charles II, including larger windows to balance the design of the new extensions.
They can be induced to undress and prostrate themselves on stages in front of booths with one-way windows.
The classic palheiro is a two-story white stucco with a brightly painted red door, red-and-blue window frames and shutters, and above all, a thatched roof.
Although Venturi obviously was working in a Modernist idiom—there is a strip window and a steel-pipe railing—he also incorporated distinctly un-Modernist features such as trim, both inside and out.
Martin Schongauer’s beautiful altar painting Vierge au Buisson de Roses (Madonna in the Rose Bower) can be found in the Eglise des Dominicains, along with some remarkable 14th- and 15th-century stained-glass windows.
The most majestic of these, Enigma, Palladium, and Fantasy, are located in the Las Brisas section of town, with towering, floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking stunning views of Acapulco Bay in all its night-lit splendor.
Its floor-to-ceiling windows, spare detailing, and open interior mark it as a successor to the International Style.
Inside, the cathedral’s majestic columns and arches are lit by fine stained-glass windows.
The one-story Atlantic façade is almost perfectly symmetrical: a large arched window flanked by two semi-circular bays, rotund sentinels standing against the ocean winds.
At 11pm, all the houses in town switch on all their lights, opening all the doors and windows, setting the hillside ablaze in light.
Narrow strips of windows indicate the book-stacks, above them nine thermal <b>windows</b> signal the vast reading room.
In those days l’université meant merely a collection of people — students who met on a street corner, or in a public square or courtyard, to hear a teacher lecture from a bench, or from an upstairs <b>window</b> or balcony.
The Seagram Building is a masterpiece, not because Mies had a sudden inspiration, but because he had spent decades learning how to bring commodity, firmness, and delight into his particular version of balance; how to attach the travertine to the wall to create a particular effect; which metal fabricator could make a certain kind of handrail; and exactly how deep to make a window mullion to cast the right size of shadow.
The undulating blue-tile roof indeed looks like a dragon’s scaly hide, while the window balconies could be the skulls and bones of its victims (others have suggested that they are Venetian carnival masks).
The sense of robustness is accentuated by occasional delicacy: the arched window incorporates scrolled brackets that support an elegant reverse ogee molding at the eaves.
The interior is vast and inspiring, flooded with light from the 16th-century stained-glass windows.
At first glance, the Smith House has all the stylistic hallmarks of a Le Corbusier villa of the 1920s: a free plan, flat roof, white walls, pipe railings, horizontal ribbon windows, a ramp.
Well lit by 72 windows, two spiral staircases of 248 steps take you right down to the water level.
The islands’ barren landscapes and stark white, cubical houses with their blue-shuttered windows bedecked with geraniums represent the Greek islands to many.
The result is a capacious, lofty hall suffused with soft light from the stained-glass windows.
A window is suddenly yellow.A woman is calling a child.She turns from her play and runs to her name.Who came here under cover of darknessfrom Glenmalure and the Wicklow hillsto the limits of this boundary?
Looking out of a window onto the panorama of high mountains and wave upon wave of rolling hills, one can imagine the young prince saying to himself “This must be my kingdom.”
Currently, JEvTrace supports one active WebMol window per session.
They lauded him for presenting a "picture" of (Gloria Borger on Face the Nation ) and a "window" on (Tom Oliphant on NewsHour and Juan Williams on Fox News Sunday ) standard-issue Washington corruption.
The stained glass windows depict the Miracle of Amsterdam.
(Overlapping windows with a high percentage overlap would be required to localize and sort out the significance of nonconforming segments that could possibly reflect a foreign signature.)
66), USPS delivery costs represent 30 percent of total costs; window service and mail processing, 32 percent; transportation, 7 percent; and administrative, building occupancy, and all other, 31 percent.
Not surprisingly, the most sensitive criterion by far is the window size.
Critical windows of activity in the sheep include: somatic ovarian tissue differentiation (from the gonadal ridges of the mesonephros) and growth (up to Day 50 of gestation); germ (from yolk sac endoderm) and pregranulosa (derived from the ovarian surface epithelium) cellular migration into and colonization of the ovaries (Days 30-65); clonal expansion of oogonia (Days 35-75); onset of meiosis and arrest (by Day 80) at the dictyate stage of prophase (the first division of meiosis is not completed until ovulation); and ovigerous cord regression and primordial follicle emergence (Days 65-110) [ 1 31 32 33 ] . It seems apparent that germ cells are particularly vulnerable to a metabolic insult when in the phasic transition between mitosis and meiosis I.
Because using windows other than the rectangular ones does not necessarily improve the estimate [ 18 ] , a rectangular <b>window</b> has been used.
Some examples of the current list of events for broadcasting changes involving feature and sequence selection, movement to a different sequence position, changes to feature content or appearance, window operations, and the availability of new data are briefly described below.
This 5.7-Mb window is slided 57 kb in each step.
This suggests that most groups include about ten genes, so we used a window size of ten for the remainder of our analysis.
The apparent goodness-of-fit actually gets better as window size decreases as illustrated in Figure 2for three indicated <b>window</b> sizes on the Haemophilus influenzae sequence.
Floor-to-ceiling windows in the northwest corner of the West Street level of the lobby had been blown out; some large marble tiles had been dislodged from the walls; one entire elevator bank was destroyed by the fireball.
Unfortunately the luciferase expression levels decreased as fast as the muscle damage, and no therapeutic window could be found with these settings.
Thus, to determine a therapeutic window for the electroporation procedure, the voltage intensity was gradually diminished and the corresponding muscle damage assessed as previously (Fig 7).
uncorrected for GC composition) across these three aligned simulated genomes in scanning mode, using a window 200 nucleotides wide, moving 50 nucleotides at a time, and counted the number of times a <b>window</b> was called RNA with a score of ≥ 5 bits.
Because the 5' ends of ESTs derived from full-length cDNAs are expected to lie in a narrow window at the TSS, we required that the 5' ends of at least three ESTs fall within an 11-bp <b>window</b> of genomic sequence, and that the number of ESTs whose 5' ends fall within this <b>window</b> comprise at least 30% of the ESTs in the cluster.
We searched for branch point sequences in a window of -50, -10 with respect to the acceptor site.
No effect of anesthetic protocol on IOP during a 12 minute measurement window
Choosing the GoCharts module opens a new window with a variety options.
R is the number of EST clones derived from all non-tumor tissue pooled libraries within a window of 5 Mbp.
An early study [ 25 ] used adaptive thresholding techniques on 1024 separate windows of 8 × 8 pixels.
The window slides across the alignment and each <b>window</b> is scored independently from the others.
Once a window that satisfied minimal conservation criteria (≤13% gaps and ≤15% mismatches) was identified, the corresponding Dm and Dp sequences (regions) were stored as a multiple fasta file.
Rows are averaged in groups and the results are plotted in Figure 1. Granted that the curves for archaea and bacteria are almost indistinguishable, we see that ranking mean scaled delta distances by groups produces about the same result for every window size.
Delirium is seen in 18% of the patients when the ICU facility has windows, but rises to 40% of the cases when the ICU facility has no <b>windows</b> [ 11].
For the microarray analysis, we divided embryogenesis into 12 1-hour time windows, collected three independent embryo samples for each time <b>window</b>, and hybridized total RNA from each sample to the GeneChip Drosophila Genome Array.
Parameters for CLUSTAL alignments were: Pairwise alignment: Ktuple, 1; gap Penalty, 3; windows, 5; diagonals saved, 5. Multiple alignment: gap penalty, 10; gap length penalty, 10.
Rejection of log-normality for the smallest window sizes is to some extent a consequence of increasing sample size.
A developer must understand how events are passed between windows because it is these events that indicate some change has occurred in the state of the shared underlying data models.
Nevertheless, these data demonstrate that a short window of opportunity to contain viral infection following mucosal exposure exists and that potentiating the effectiveness of the mucosal natural barrier by local immunization may further limit or halt viral replication.
We also varied the window size to 700 bp and masked out the repeats genome wide, before running Ahab, (see web site).
We used Ahab with a 500 bp window to scan the Drosophila genome.
Additionally, the window of target-transcript concentration under which proportionality was preserved varied in accordance with background cRNA content.
Since diabetic exudates tend to be smaller than soft drusen, it is unclear if sufficient featureless windows would be available in an <b>image</b> with multiple soft drusen to apply this method.
The sequences are listed in Table 1along with serial numbers ( SN ) and 4-letter abbreviations ( Abbr ). Most of them have been previously studied and found to show stability of the genomic signature in 50 kb windows [ 9 ] . The shortest is the 580 kb complete genome of Mycoplasma genitalium . The longest complete sequence is the 7657 kb human chromosome XXII .
Within the windows of 1001 heartbeats, for which coordination statistics is performed, mean value and standard deviation of heart rate are the same in original and surrogate data but, due to the random order of RR intervals, deterministic phase relations between the heartbeat and any other oscillator (particularly respiration) are destroyed.
, T where t is the position index (counted in windows from the 5' end) and T is the total number of <b>windows</b>.
The mfold computer program version 3.0 http://bioinfo.math.rpi.edu/~mfold/rna/form1.cgiwas used to predict the RNA secondary structure and to calculate the folding free energy [ 26 27 ] . We have computed the minimum-free-energy structures from all the donor- and acceptor sites of the 60 exons of NF1 within a window of 100 bp.
They count the number of matches of each weight matrix in an interval with a score above some empirically defined cutoff, and then score a 700 bp window as significant when the total number of matches for all factors is large enough.
For example, take a single 50 kb window on the M. genitalium sequence, compute its delta-distance from the global signature, then divide it into 50 contiguous 1 kb <b>windows</b> and repeat the calculation for each piece.
Delta-distance tends to zero with increasing window size but the rate of this convergence is significantly slower than for simple random processes.
A very wide window discards relatively few subjects; however it may introduce bias into calculations that are based on assuming the screening interval equals the midpoint of the <b>window</b>.
Households were considered to have engaged in multiple mosquito protection measures if at least three of the following measures were reportedly used: coils, bednets, screening of windows and eaves, repellents, clearing debris from drains and ditches, burning of organic material, or insecticides.
1) and that is longer than the detection window of 45 to approximately 900 bp (Figs.
The following 35 base-pairs of the positive probes are counted to calculate the base-pair density in a 57-kb window [ 13].
In contrast to intramuscular delivery, the electroporation of tumours seems to offer a wider therapeutic window.
Heterogeneous distribution of low molecular weight redox-active iron has been reported in lysosomal population within cells, which may contribute to differing stability of lysosomal membranes to oxidative stress as shown by Brunk and colleagues [ 15 ] . Although the regulation of this heterogeneity is too complicated and beyond the scope of the present study, it does open up another window for investigating lysosomal trafficking in various diseases.
The length of the window for on-time screenings is somewhat arbitrary.
We need to know more about the closing of this "window of opportunity" and whether delay interferes with motivation.
Thus the view through 50 kb windows shows that the imprint of the global signature is weaker in the latter; but 2 kb and smaller <b>windows</b> show relatively clearer imprints in the human chromosome.
not with a scanning window) the 2, 016 different structural pairwise alignments for SRP-RNAs, and the 1, 325 structural pairwise alignments for RNaseP RNAs.
Table 2shows mean scaled delta-distance by sequence ( Abbr ) and window size ( n ). Scaled delta-distance, defined above as δ*√ n , is a statistical invariant for any benchmark sequence generated by a Markov chain exhibiting the same signature as the given sequence.
Substitution rates were averaged over an 18 codon window to smooth the data for graphing.
A window was cut in each shell to determine the developmental stage of each embryo [ 22 ] . To visualize the extraembryonic membranes, Fast Green (1:10,000 Molecular Probes, Eugene, OR) was applied to the surface of the embryo and membranes were teased apart using forceps.

There are windows in the bed areas of the ICU.
Thus the view through 50 kb windows shows that the imprint of the global signature is weaker in the latter; but 2 kb and smaller <b>windows</b> show relatively clearer imprints in the human chromosome.
Lateral growth takes place over more than 18 hours at 29°C and more than 30 hours at 18°C giving us a wide window for shift experiments [ 8 ] . In shift experiments we found that the crucial time for in function in lateral development was around the time of lateral initiation (26 hours at 29°C and 52 hrs at 18°C) (Fig.
Inevitably, some routine care will have occurred in the 30-day window, and some conditions treated in the past year will not have been active at the time of the influenza episode.
As is the case with most ORFs, there exists a large range of %GC values (< 10 to > 60%) over a 70 bp window (Figure 2d).
We then searched for homologs of these selected regions in Anopheles gambiae using WU-BLAST of the Dm sequence [ 42 ] , extending the returned sequences as necessary on their 5' and 3' ends to make 100-nucleotide windows equivalent to the queried sequence.
(The sample CDF approaches a smooth curve as window size declines and the number of <b>windows</b> increases.
There are no qualitative differences in the nature of groups identified by larger window sizes.
This investigation, which applies similar methodology to smaller window sizes, concerns the intra-genomic homogeneity of dinucleotide relative abundance, and inter-sequence distance calculations are beyond its scope.
Overall, 84 modules or 58 % of the window 500 dataset are also among the top 200 of the <b>window</b> 700 set, and thus might be accorded more significance.
Figure 1shows a plot of conservation score using a 10-bp window for the whole HCV genome.
Clicking the "m" link opens a new window with all of the GenBank numbers associated with this sequence.
Apollo also provides a restriction enzyme finder, which allows the user to find known restriction enzyme sites within a sequence, and a GC base frequency analyzer, which displays a plot of GC content from an adjustable sliding window over a sequence.
Selection of the time window and cytokine concentration for in vitrostudies
In this scanning mode a partial segment of the alignment - a window of user-determined fixed length - is scored.
As shown in CRW Section 2B (H-2B), the left frame in the main frame window contains the position numbers for the three types of data, single bases, base pairs, and base triples.
Both the window size and direction of matching (e.g.
Comparison of the expression patterns of genital fibroblasts from 46,XY normal males and 46,XY females with inactivated AR provides a window on the AR-dependent gene-expression programs within the urogenital mesenchyme, which contribute to the development and structural integrity of male and female genitalia.
To identify any early window when it may be possible to assess IOP without an obvious anesthetic effect, 195 mice of strain B6 were anesthetized with the 1X dose and IOP was measured at 1 minute time points between 4 and 12 minutes after administration (Figure 5).
The apparent goodness-of-fit actually gets better as window size decreases as illustrated in Figure 2for three indicated <b>window</b> sizes on the Haemophilus influenzae sequence.
Here mean(δ*) is just the average of unscaled delta-distances in windows of size n . Since δ*(1) +..
Except for the Borrelia burgdorferi sequence, the mean scaled delta-distance is increasing in window size for every sequence.
Departing from protocol, a number of operators told callers that they could break windows, and several operators advised callers to evacuate if they could.
R NB is the number of EST clones derived from non-tumor brain tissue within a window of 5 Mbp.
We created this seven-day time window to account for prescriptions that may have been dispensed for the current diagnosis before an office visit (e.g.
Further, inclusion of more than a single sampling timepoint after initiation of treatment would also likely be informative in future studies, and presumably provide a window to more acute physiological changes triggered by drug exposure.
The user can scroll to those entries that do not appear on the first page by selecting the "Next" button on the left bottom frame in the output window and use the "Previous" button in the same frame to move toward the first page, as necessary.
The phylogeny for all of the entries in the results window is available in a new <b>window</b> when the "M" button in the header line of the phylogeny field is clicked.
All images were observed and photographed at a <b>window</b> width of 1600 Hounsfield units (HU) and a level of -700 HU.
We therefore devised an alternative strategy that uses the information available in all the noncoding sequence and thus extrinsic to the window of interest.
The 'standard' branch point sequence weight-table [ 4 ] was used to assign a score at every 5-nucleotide sequence within the window.
CNCSs were identified in VISTA using a window size of 10 bp with an identity of 90% with manual post-processing to remove spurious matches at the beginning and end of the alignments.
Therefore we examine the (natural) logarithms of the delta-distances in windows and find that they are close to normally distributed with nearly constant variance over the range of <b>window</b> size.
In addition, the "restriction site-free" segment of the vector guaranteed that all detected fragments within the detection window stemmed from restriction sites within the cDNAs.
The BLAST output was automatically searched for hits that showed 100% identity in a 100-residue window.
Finally, one firefighter-who had earlier seen from a window that the SouthTower had collapsed-urged that they all leave, as this tower could fall as well.
The PSI algorithm starts at the first position after the matching window and compares each base in the Query sequence to that of the Target sequence.
I just finished a stained glass window that I've been working on for four years ...
A very wide window discards relatively few subjects; however it may introduce bias into calculations that are based on assuming the screening interval equals the midpoint of the <b>window</b>.
Stained-glass windows <b>add</b> to the calm and peaceful atmosphere, especially when worshippers are at quiet prayer: be careful not to walk in front of those at prayer.
P-values from the test, which measure support for the null hypothesis of normality, are shown in Table 5. The bottom row of Table 5counts (by window size) the number of times the test accepts normality of log(δ*) at the 5% significance level.
Barbecued pork and poultry glisten in the windows of the dozens of restaurants, and tourists are drawn in by the garish street décor — even the telephone booths have pagoda-style roofs.
It's mostly one thing after another: I went here, then I went there, then I went to a bookstore and cut a big fart and someone I didn't remember from the Groundlings recognized me, then I tossed a cigarette I wasn't supposed to be smoking out the car window and then noticed that the back seat was on fire, and then ...
It turns out that we stay with her so she can gaze, in passing, at an apartment house--so that the camera can travel up to and through a window and come upon Septimus supine on a sofa, contemplating--what?
McCurry adds <b>windows</b> to let women watch the street as they <b>read</b>, work, or clean: both a security system for a paranoid age and a symbol of the old-fashioned American dream--picture <b>window</b>, pastel drapes, and all.
“Bar that,” as the Sheriff's officer said to his first floor window.
And he denies his power to save her: "I was a fly outside on the window pane/ Of my own domestic drama."
With the Toyota, even if I do install a real security system, thieves might suspect me of trying to fool them and smash my windows to find out.
His windows and doors relieve the claustrophobia of his interiors, but they imply no other realm.
Such a limpid production provides a window into the merits and flaws of the play itself.
None of the pueblos would at that time admit glass windows into their dwellings.
Or pick your own word, type it in the search window at the bottom of this page along with "1999," and see what you get.
' Just try this little trick to defuse the tragedy of the situation: Missiles through window.
Sonny leans into the window, places his hand on the shoulder of a young man with gelid eyes and blood trickling from one ear, and exhorts him to live , live . He says that there are angels in the car, that the young man has nothing to fear if he accepts Jesus Christ as his savior--and, miraculously, the young man manages to thank him.
But who window shops anymore, except at 35 mph, through a <b>window</b> set in the frame of a vehicle?
Passion or hatred can be ignited by one glance in a shoe store window.
In my own work, I have seen the misinterpretation of "broken windows" for their own purposes by both the far left and the far right.
Such brief windows of rationality did not last long, but they gave mankind a much-needed break.
The stained glass windows are also impressive.
A magnificent Evie Hone stained-glass window adorns the landing in the main entrance; it is beautifully complemented by the carpet and balustrade designed by Mary Fitzgerald.
However, the outstanding feature is the “archaeological garden,” an outdoor display of relics from some of the oldest places on the island — tombstones, pieces taken from important buildings, and two splendid early-16th-century stone Manueline windows (pick up the Quinta’s own leaflet for information on these).
During the recent standoff, Iraq tampered with monitoring equipment, and the fear is that the Iraqis will use this window to create a cache of chemical weapons.
Given the chromosome window size (5 Mbp) used to calculate the TDF and the average size of the gene (~30 Kbp), each 5 Mbp region should contain on average about 170 genes.
To ensure that ten-gene windows were appropriate, we repeated the analysis using <b>windows</b> of various sizes.
Book -- Do the Windows Open?
Will our windows be made of translux?
Additional information for each of these attributes is then displayed in a new window by clicking on either the attribute link or the additional information link in the top-right frame (Figure 4and H-4B.
R TB is the number of EST clones derived from tumor brain tissue within a window of 5 Mbp.
Some examples of peculiar usage: we pay at the cash cashier's station in the wicket grated window; we <b>lose</b> waste time ; we open turn on and close turn off the light ; and we say il y a rien là there's nothing to it, literally, there's nothing there.
Thus the number of base steps in a window is equal to the number of bases (not one less).
Every two- or three-marker 'window' was examined by moving the <b>window</b> across the 1q32-42 region one marker at a time from centromere to telomere.
Out the window went centuries of snobbery, mystique, and pretension.
Intra-genomic delta-distance is approximately log-normally distributed (in windows down to 1 kb) and the variance of log-delta is fairly uniform across the set of sequences.
Four "travoys" converge on a brightly lit window.
Key design issues with regard to the use of diffusion and perfusion MRI in stroke trials are proposed in Table 7. MRI-based recruitment into trials with a time window of 6 h has proven feasible, as has specific selection based on lesion size, location, and the diffusion-perfusion mismatch.
Its effect is to make the skeptic want to throw himself out of a 10 th -floor window.
The elevator groans, and brown paint peels from the window frames.
Delirium is seen in 18% of the patients when the ICU facility has windows, but rises to 40% of the cases when the ICU facility has no <b>windows</b> [ 11].
On the train to Venice, packed into a compartment with several nice old Italian ladies, I peered out the window at the sky stretching toward Yugoslavia and pronounced it "excellent bombing weather."
A two-day frequency could satisfy a three-day window, but would miss many delivery <b>dates</b> for time value publications.
The fragmentary sequences appear in the phenogram (see Additional data files) in parentheses, next to the more complete sequence to which they share the greatest degree of protein sequence identity in a 100-residue window.
Then he climbs in the window of a big, antebellum house and takes some guns from a glass cabinet at the foot of the main staircase.
The frame in the lower left indicates the number of entries shown in the window and the entry numbers currently shown, and, if necessary, contains buttons to scroll to the next or previous set of entries.
The D1S425-D1S2827 two-marker haplotype window in the 1q32 region showed evidence for transmission disequilibrium via the global PDT, while no other <b>windows</b> showed evidence of association using this multiallelic test.
All the details of the store convey an aesthetic: the lettering on the window, the paper stock used for business cards, the lighting, the floor, the ceiling, the display racks.
"A Kid's Guide to the Smithsonian" (in the lowest selector window; click Go on a Packaged Tour )
A visit to the local fish market is a revealing window into Algarvian life.
2), using the loess local regression method [ 20 ] , and smoothing windows of size 50 nt or 100 nt, prior to analyzing the intron-G-frequency association.
The cathedral’s interior is a vast and noble space divided by 52 columns, showing its North European influence in the soaring columns and a decoration of stained-glass windows, from the 15th century to the present day.
We enumerate all motifs in a class (a consensus of length 8 and 2 mutations worked best), and use their frequency to assign a probability for observing an overrepresentation of any one of them in the window of interest.
The microcracks in your enamel look like a broken window.
At the end of this street rises a large, glassless church window.
The windows and doors of over 100 wooden cabins are bedecked with printed sarongs, T-shirts, and carved masks.
The arches that flank the nave are filled with tiers of columns and the walls with windows, while the arches above the entrance and the apse are backed by semi-domes, further increasing the interior space.
The lookout point at Lok Ma Chau was once known as Hong Kong’s “window on China” — in the years of China’s isolation from the West, tourists would come to the lookout point here and rent binoculars in order to get a glimpse of the great mystery beyond.
Hidden courtyards bathed in penumbral light lurked behind massive doors, slatted blinds, carved iron window bars (rejas), and half-moon stained-glass <b>windows</b> (mediopuntos).
This grand corner apartment house has suffered the most disfigurement, especially on the ground floor, where the Spanish leather goods company Loewe installed picture windows and destroyed several original sculptures.
You’ll likely be busy looking up, or in chic store windows, when you stroll along Passeig de Gràcia, but be sure to notice the ground as well: Gaudí himself designed the hexagonal pavement tiles with nature motifs.
Head back into the chaos and noise of the souqs and turn right off David Street, either into the El Wad Road or along the more colourful Souq el Attarin into the long Souq Khan es Zeit, where butchers and food vendors make for fascinating window shopping.
The chapel is a large room wholly constructed with the bones of 5,000 monks; skulls form the window frames and femurs cover the columns.
See some or all of the 33 rooms, stop for an occasional peek out the window over the Arno and Ponte Vecchio, and recharge your batteries at the museum’s newly reopened café above the Loggia dei Lanzi.
Through the tall, arched windows are magnificent views of Albaicín and the Darro.
Hundreds of feet below the house is Sa Foradada (literally, “rock with a hole in it”), a rocky promontory jutting into the sea, pierced by a remarkable 18-m- (60-ft-) wide natural window.
As you walk down the street you’ll hear the sounds of daily activity floating through the open windows, occasionally a radio station with news, or maybe evangelical songs.
Its medieval stained glass, including three fine rose windows, is of unrivaled complexity and stunning beauty.
The church is dedicated to Mary, representing her 175 times in the various sculptures and windows.
The windows to the rear of its faded Art Deco ground floor were designed by the stained-glass artist Harry Clarke.
Sewage was thrown into the streets from upstairs windows, accompanied by shouts of “Gardeyloo! ”
It is a working plantation producing a mixed crop of spices and fruits, but it also opens a fascinating window on plantation life during colonial times.
Image and appearance take center stage here, both in the showcase <b>windows</b> and the personas of the people looking at them.
Go round to the back of the church to see its wonderful russet and brown stone chancel of interlacing arches, Gothic rose windows, and Arab <b>windows</b> with pointed arches.
Light was supplied via a dome (schukhsheikha) in the roof as the windows were covered by ornate wooden covers.
This is the place to buy souvenirs of all the imitation food you’ve seen in restaurant windows, together with Japanese-style plates, bowls, glasses, sake sets, lacquerware, giant paper lanterns, and a million other things you never expected to see for sale.
Note the stained glass windows in the Quiet Chapel, designed by Joseph Edward Nuttgens in the late 1950s.
The cathedral’s 750 stained-glass windows are sublimely restrained, but To­mé’s bronze, marble, and jasper ensemble of <b>color</b>, shape, and symbolism is startling, and, daring as it is, much criticized.
Part of the palace is open to visitors, and a short tour takes in a stone-vaulted 13th-century throne room, divided into two stories in the 16th century — you’ll see that the window was cut off in the process.
Here the windows and open doors of the shops reveal an alluring selection of Asian furniture, carpets, carvings, tomb figures, porcelain, and bronze.
The rock is surrounded by a richly worked wooden screen, and above it are stained-glass windows and black-and-gold mosaics, breathtaking in their beauty.
Exploring its narrow streets, you’ll come upon squares filled with pottery drying in the sun and potters working at their hand-spun wheels, weavers at their looms, and wood-carvers at work on window frames.
Perhaps the most famous feature of the cathedral is its 173 stained-glass windows.
In the interior, the most noteworthy of the surviving 13th-century stained-glass windows are the rose <b>window</b> above the western entrance, illustrating the life of the Virgin Mary, and the one devoted to the Creation in the north arm of the transept.
Two more outsized rose windows illuminate the transept; the northern <b>window</b> retains most of its 13th-century glass.
The courtyard of the three-story building can be visited and, if enough rupees are collected, the Kumari herself may appear briefly at a beautifully carved upstairs window.
The Paços do Concelho (Town Hall) has stately windows with iron railings, separated by panels of azulejos depicting saints.
The Palazzo dei Priori (1208) is the oldest of Tuscany’s typical town halls, with a two-tiered tower, battlements, and mullioned windows.
On the north side of Les Halles, another monument of the Renais­sance period, although decidedly Gothic in silhouette, is the church of Saint-Eustache, remarkable for its beautiful stained-glass windows over the choir.
Look out for his Adoration of the Magi and a Madonna della Consolazione as sweet and serene as the Umbrian landscape of which you’ll catch a glimpse through the museum windows.
It is difficult to believe that these bizarre shapes, staircases going nowhere, and windows in walls without rooms were built in 1724 by a serious student, rather than in the last century by some deranged architect.
Several of the windows show Bible scenes on a majestic scale, but look also for the simple red door above which is written the advice “marry in haste, repent at leisure.”
The austerely sculpted porches flanking the main entrance are from the early period, and the more ornamental elongated central porch and the gabled upper windows were <b>added</b> in the 15th and 16th centuries.
Here, there is no glass window between you and reality.
Formerly an open loggia, it was rebuilt in the early 14th century as a market, and then as a church in 1380 converting its Gothic arches to the present ground-floor windows, and <b>adding</b> a granary upstairs.
Nearby, behind a screened window, is the Seto (White) Bhairav, a gold-lacquered face through which beer spurts for scrambling devotees during Indra Jatra.
The superb central rose window, encircling a statue of the Madonna and Child, depicts the Redemption after the Fall.
Even if you don’t intend to eat here, peer in the window at the oysters and clams being shucked at the raw bar (the establishment serves as many as 4,000 oysters on a busy day).
The statue is hollow, and you can climb a staircase inside to look out through a window between the Buddha’s shoulders.A temple was originally built to house the figure, but this structure was destroyed in a tidal wave in 1495.
Some stained glass windows are found in the older church, which also contains founder Mary Baker Eddy’s chair.
Beside it, the Norman Gothic La Martorana church, partly remodeled with a Baroque façade and porch, has a fine campanile with four storys of slender mullioned windows.
The original designer, Erwin von Steinbach, began the pink Vosges sandstone façade in 1277, but only got as far as the splendid Gallery of Apostles over the central rose window.
Here you’ll see both ancient stone sedilia (built-in seats for three people) and vignettes of contemporary life with an equally timeless quality, such as necklaces of paprika strung across windows and balconies to dry; people do still live here.
By official count, the building contains 43 altars, 86 stairways, more than 1,200 doors, and 2,600 windows.
As you walk along, keep your eyes peeled for unusual hand-painted shop signs, the fretwork of Gothic windows, and dusty treasures in the antiques shop <b>windows</b>.
A little banking museum shows the way it used to be, complete with a teller’s window in the style of the bank’s foundation in 1817.
He slipped from the arms of his nurse as she admired the view from an open window of the Alcázar.
Not only will you be able to see figures of your favorite music and film stars here, along with a whole panorama which recreates Amsterdam’s Golden Age, but also the windows on the upper floors give excellent views over the square.
The exterior is notable for its diamond pane windows, deep second-story overhang, and massive chimneys.
At the nearby Patan Industrial Estate, Newari craftsmen can be watched carving windows and door frames for reconstruction projects or boxes for the tourist trade.
From this vantage point you can enjoy the charming sight of Shiva and his wife Parvati in painted wood looking amiably out of an upper window of the adjoining house-style temple.
Through the picture windows you can monitor the progress, and the fish, yourselves.
From the ninth to the 13th centuries, more than 2,000 churches were built in Catalonia in the Romanesque style of thick, bare walls with rounded arches for doors, windows, and cloisters.
Royal Bank Plaza, at the corner of Front and Bay Streets, reflects the new prosperity in the gilded glass of its windows (treated with some real gold).
Try to view it in the late afternoon sun, armed with a pair of binoculars to study the rich sculpture of the Gallery of Kings high above the windows.
The Romanesque tower and rose window of Santa Maria Maggiore’s façade have a similar simple beauty.
Inside, the marvelous light is due in part to two more outsize rose windows dominating the transept.
However, there’s little of note in the village itself, aside from a handsome church and the Casa de Chá do Faial, which despite its name (“Faial Tearoom”) is a standard restaurant with picture windows and fine roof-top panoramas.
The original rose window and elegant porch survive and the French Gothic interior is beautifully restored.
Vinçon is known for its whimsical display windows, an enticement if you’re traveling with someone whose idea of fun is anything but shopping.
It has many beautifully carved windows in mud brick houses that are gently crumbling away.
Before you spend your money here, consider that its display windows defaced Casa Lleó Morera, the classic modernista building in which the store is housed.
The windows of such department stores as Wako and Mitsukoshi are works of art.
Volterra has always been known for its local alabaster production as a glimpse in any shop window will confirm.
Down the narrow alley beside Bewley’s is St. Teresa’s Church, with stained-glass windows by Phyllis Burke, and a fine sculpture by John Hogan.
The finest and most authentic work is mashrabiya, the lattice screens that covered Ottoman windows allowing women to watch the world go by without being seen.
The nearby Museo de Arte Colonial (Calle Plácido Sur, 74) is an 18th-century palace with two peaceful courtyards and a succession of grandly furnished rooms suffused with a gentle light entering through stained-glass windows.
White-rimmed doors and windows, black wrought-iron grilles, green blinds, and a massive Gothic church give the impression of a sparkling diadem — but then Villajoyosa literally means “Jewelled Town.”
Today the area is better known for the merry-makers who swarm its bars late into the night and spill out onto the streets; disgruntled residents hang signs from their windows pleading with the municipal government to impose quiet hours.
Inside the church are some fine 16th-century stained-glass windows, salvaged from an older church bombed in 1944.
Small porcelain likenesses of canal houses look pretty in the windows of houses and hotels.
Li Garden (Liyuan) is composed of arched bridges, gaudy pavilions, open walkways, fish ponds, a miniature pagoda, and a covered walkway with 89 view-framing windows.
You will see incredibly barren peso shops — window displays with bottles of cooking oil, shoe polish, and a few plumbing parts.
Catalonia still thrives on family-owned shops, and window shopping along the Rambla de Catalunya or Passeig de Gràcia is a delight.
The mihrab and mimber are of delicately carved white marble, and the ebony window shutters are inlaid with ivory and mother-of-pearl.
The fine lattice-work on the arches and windows is superb, but its outstanding feature is the marble inlay, which is even more abundant than in the Taj and better preserved.
Among the cathedral’s admir­able 12th- to 14th-century stained-glass windows in the nave and northern aisle there are portraits of medieval German emperors.
702/387-6433) sells tax-free tobacco products through its drive-through window, so you can cruise right back to the hotel and spend all that money you just saved.
Its simple beauty is enhanced by locally designed stained-glass windows in red, blue, orange, and yellow.
You will notice there are no clocks or windows in the casinos — the management wants you to <b>lose</b> track of time.
The superb central rose window depicts the Redemption after the Fall.
The art museum adjoining the Palace of 55 Windows contains a collection of antique thangkas and sculpture in wood and stone.
With its broad chimney, fine-grained limestone frames around the doors, and gracefully tapered casement windows, the house is one of the more handsome architectural specimens of the French colonial era.
The very air seems to be blue — more than 20,000 turquoise Iznik tiles glow gently in the light from the mosque’s 260 windows, decorated with lilies, carnations, tulips, and roses.
A rocky outcrop with a hole carved in it like an open window has lent itself to the name of the nearest settlement, Ribeira da Janela (“River <b>Window</b>”).
A walk down any of the city’s old streets will reveal handsome details of noble houses, such as double windows and latticed doors.
Go round to the back of the church to see its wonderful russet and brown stone chancel of interlacing arches, Gothic rose windows, and Arab <b>windows</b> with pointed arches.
The duke didn’t like the smell of the bridge’s original butcher shops and had them replaced by goldsmiths and jewelers, whose descendants offer you their high-quality wares today: This is some of Italy’s finest window shopping.
In an alley just off the square is the famous Peacock Window of intricately carved wood; the <b>window</b> is part of the Pujari Math, a former priest’s house that now houses the National Woodworking Museum.
The old mess hall is now the “Little Chapel on the Square,” where the stained-glass windows portray not saints but Mounties, notably a reveille bugler and guard in mourning.
Directly beyond the altar is the Chagall chapel, in which the Russian artist connects his Jewish origins to the Christian religion with a window depicting Abraham and Jesus.
One of the finest Manueline windows in Portugal is carved in the western wall of the Chapterhouse, encrusted with profusely carved marine motifs.
The first settlement after Glass Window Bridge is Gregory Town, a pretty hillside community of colorful houses overlooking a tiny harbor.
Inside the cathedral, a beautiful baroque silver altarpiece is worth a look, as is the rose window.
Begun in 1329 at the height of Catalonia’s expansion as a Mediterranean power, Santa María del Mar is the greatest example of pure Catalan Gothic, with unadorned exterior walls, a flat roof, sober façade flanked by two three-tiered octagonal bell towers, and a large rose window over the portal.
The town itself — declared a national monument in 1928 — is one of the most picturesque in the country, with narrow, winding cobblestone streets that pass white stucco buildings topped with red-tile roofs, and adorned with flowers tumbling from window boxes.
Among the oldest and most famous of the windows, on the southern side of the choir, is an enthroned Mary with Jesus on her lap, Notre-Dame de la Belle Verrière.
It has an attractive interior with French stained-glass windows depicting the twelve apostles.
Cuban cities are now an uneasy mix of sad peso stores and bright dollar shops, with an influx of goods most Cubans can only dream about (indeed, you’ll see large crowds of people peering dreamily into shop windows).
Don’t despair; make up your own picnic hamper from the local market before you get aboard — cold meats, salad, Camembert, grapes, baguette, and wine can add a terrific sparkle to the countryside flashing past the <b>window</b>.
The two-story façade with arched window and Buddha figures in side niches was probably <b>added</b> in the sixth century a.d.
It is bigger, more prosperous, and more dynamic than any other; its skyline boasts European-style towers; its shop windows and food stalls seize your attention.
To get the best from Coral World, pick up a copy of their excellent full-colour Fish Guide and see how many of the 745 different fish and corals your children can identify through the observatory windows.
Some inhabitants get a bird’s eye view of Artis zoo — imagine looking out of your apartment window on a rainy Amsterdam day and seeing a small herd of grazing zebra.
The tree-lined canals and old narrow iron bridges are some of the prettiest in the city, and prostitutes ply their trade behind relatively discreet windows, not on the streets.
A pavilion with a diversity of glazed roof tiles, carved woodwork, and lattice windows overlooks a subtly patterned pebblestone courtyard and the miniature landscape.
The brass beer taps and frosted-glass windows are the epitome of pub décor.
This is certainly a challenging task, but the rewards for doing so are the myriad windows and doors into this fascinating country that will open for you.
As you walk along, keep your eyes peeled for unusual hand-painted shop signs, the fretwork of Gothic windows, and dusty treasures in the antiques shop <b>windows</b>.
Flanking the brick palace with its broad-lintelled, latticed windows and nine-story tower is the raised brick square of Basantapur Chowk, where the royal elephants were once kept and where curio dealers now spread their wares.
In an alley just off the square is the famous Peacock Window of intricately carved wood; the <b>window</b> is part of the Pujari Math, a former priest’s house that now houses the National Woodworking Museum.
Head out into the lagoon on one of the fleets of jet-skis or small power boats, sign up for a snorkeling tour, or if you’d like to see marine life but stay dry, ride the Sub See Explorer, a mini-submarine with viewing windows so you get just as good a view as those in wet suits.
In the interior, the most noteworthy of the surviving 13th-century stained-glass windows are the rose <b>window</b> above the western entrance, illustrating the life of the Virgin Mary, and the one devoted to the Creation in the north arm of the transept.
It stands in an un-touristy rubble-filled square where there are families washing, goats looking out of upstairs windows, and, behind a grill in a small kiosk, a lingam much venerated by older women, who keep it covered with flowers.
Their unique “Chartres blue” and deep red bring an ethereal light into the nave, especially when the late-afternoon sun is shining through the western rose window depicting the Last Judgment.
North of the city center is the 15th-century Igreja de Graça, with its magnificent Gothic rose window, amazingly carved from a single piece of stone.
The bare interior is bleak, its windows covered up by the monumental 19th-century murals painted by Puvis de Chavannes.
Fracture is followed by four weeks of up-regulation of the stimulatory cytokines after fracture, and healing must take place within that window of time if it is to occur.
Visitors may not enter the graceful bungalow villa, but by peering through windows and doors you can see all the rooms furnished as the writer had them, covered in bullfighting posters and filled with more than 9,000 books, including such titles as The Guide to Hunting and Fishing in Cuba.
R is the number of EST clones derived from all non-tumor tissue pooled libraries within a window of 5 Mbp.
It provides the DataAdapter with any user information that is entered into the dialog window.
uncorrected for GC composition) across these three aligned simulated genomes in scanning mode, using a window 200 nucleotides wide, moving 50 nucleotides at a time, and counted the number of times a <b>window</b> was called RNA with a score of ≥ 5 bits.
The essentially increasing trend in δ*√ n has an obvious implication for the scalability of standard binning levels used in classifying intra-genomic delta-distance [ 8 ] . These levels cannot be re-scaled by the reciprocal square root of window size without admitting that the profiles seen through smaller <b>windows</b> are statistically closer to the global signature.
For the standard nucleotide frequency tables (Highlight 2A (H-2A)), the left frame in the main frame window ("List Frame") contains the position numbers for the three types of tables: single bases, base pairs, and base triples.
The window slides across the alignment and each <b>window</b> is scored independently from the others.
The texts were read in blocks (contigs) of 50 kb (when computing delta-distances in 50 kb and 25 kb <b>windows</b>) or 20 kb (for smaller <b>windows</b>).
A relatively low score points to a suboptimal branch point or to a branch point situated outside the chosen window (-50, -10).
This would create a `window of opportunity' in which a given thymocyte, in a given selecting location, could escape negative selection by antigens on the inactive X chromosome.
The primary client-user GUI, written using the Java Swing API, takes the form of a three-panel window in which the user can inspect GO categories and genes.
Figure 8presents estimates of the time-frequency density of the same signal's energy, obtained from: spectrograms with different window widths, continuous wavelet transform and smoothed pseudo Wigner-Ville distribution.
A window of 1001 heartbeats centered around the i th heartbeat is moved in equidistant steps of 150 heartbeats over the entire heartbeat table.
We therefore revised our analysis to calculate LQS scores exclusively from UniGene clusters whose BOU representative was an mRNA with an annotated ORF window (indicating that the BOU is deposited in the correct orientation).
The profiles seen through larger windows obviously tend toward the signature but local fluctuations tend to zero slower than 1/√ n (i.e.
The averaged intensities were sorted in descending rank order and were averaged again, using a sliding window with 100 consecutive values incremented by one position at a time.
The D1S425-D1S2827 'window' yielded a PDT global P value of 0.032.
We attempted running Gibbs on successive windows of sequence and scoring the resulting motifs with Ahab, but were not able to discriminate the known modules from the remainder of the upstream region.
Finally a 25-bp window, (representative of a typical primer), was walked through the genome/PWM to identify the most conserved locations for primer design.
For the microarray analysis, we divided embryogenesis into 12 1-hour time windows, collected three independent embryo samples for each time <b>window</b>, and hybridized total RNA from each sample to the GeneChip Drosophila Genome Array.
Using a sliding window of fixed width in log 10 (Cy5*Cy3), the local mean and SD was calculated for each gene using the data in the normalized R-I plot.
Both Ahab and Gibbs, use counts of short strings or single bases, within the window of interest to compute the significance of longer motifs.
The MM algorithm starts at the first position after the matching window and compares the bases in the Query sequence to the Target.
Typically several hundred motifs are significant for each window.
However, the association is still apparent in the 100 nt window, in particular for the SSU rRNA.
The 30-day window was chosen on clinical grounds to capture medical conditions that were unstable, and the one-year <b>window</b> was intended to capture all active medical conditions.
In an attempt to assess the therapeutic window of the adenoviral vector in this poorly permissive tumour, the number of transduced cells in the tumour was determined by injection of vectors encoding the β-galactosidase gene (Table 1).
This program calculates and plots the number of substitutions in a sliding window of 10 aligned positions.
The window continued to advance by 10 units until it no longer satisfied our criteria for conservation, at which point it was advanced by single units until the next conserved region was identified.
(The longer time window was used to keep the loss of data arbitrarily to no more than 15%) Excluding the first screening after the resumption of screening, approximately 93 percent of the annual subsequent screenings and 85 percent of the biennial subsequent screenings were on-time.
The inter-genomic hierarchy of mean intra-genomic delta-distances is essentially preserved across the range of window sizes.
The constant, called the fudge constant, is found by removing the trend in d as a function of S in moving windows across the data.
She returned to her watch, regarding her own reflection in the long window.
When the flap valve is open, gas particles can pass from the left to the right box via the window, or from the right to the left box via the <b>window</b>.
Plaça de Sant Josep Oriol adjoins Plaça del Pi, on which sits Santa María del Pi, a handsome church with a tall octagonal bell tower and a harmonious façade pierced by a large 15th-century rose window.
It is an elegant little barn, however, with white-painted walls and large windows that open up the corners, not by disappearing into the ground but by sliding sideways like barn doors.
Established in the 18th century, the distillery still operates, and you can look through big windows at copper stills bubbling away, producing a hot, colorless spirit, which is poured over juniper berries to become gin.
Diffused light streams in from tall windows on both sides.
The rest of Alte is the Algarve of picture postcards — white-washed houses along narrow streets, colorful windows, filigreed chimney pots, and red-tiled roofs.
Let’s consider just how work might actually be extracted in the classical Maxwell demon situation with an ideal gas in two boxes separated by a partition with the window and flap valve.
Be careful not to buy amber on the street, as it is likely to be fake; look for a sign of the Amber Association of Poland (“Societas Svccinorvm in Polonia”) in shop windows as a guarantee of quality and authenticity.
The lack of fire extinguishers within the factory and the inability of fire ladders to reach the windows made escape impossible.
The latest in a wash of Scream -bred teen horror flicks is roundly panned as a "disappointing adolescent thriller starring no one you ever heard of" (Michael O'Sullivan, the Washington Post ). Despite a promising premise--high-school students are lobotomized into conformity by a guidance counselor and their parents--the film is said to be packed with clichés (faces in windows, hands on shoulders) and lacking either an ironic or a frightening touch.
7. In the United States, Denver fans celebrate a Super Bowl win by overturning cars, breaking <b>windows</b>, setting fires.
And Merrill followed it with an even bigger song, "(How Much Is) That Doggie in the Window?"
It symbolized American energy," writes Rudi Stern in his 1988 book, The New Let There Be Neon . A neon sign in the window also advertised the fact that a merchant was flush enough to have spent some coin.
The WP , NYT , and LAT each report on a Westminster, California shopkeeper's attempts to display a poster of Ho Chi Minh and a Communist Vietnam flag in his video store's window.
As everyone knew, Jack Laudermilk, a lawyer for Dunkin' Donuts, said it about a photograph in the New York Post of a mouse nibbling a doughnut in the window of one of the franchise's midtown Manhattan outlets.
Defenestration the act of throwing someone out of a window is probably too familiar to attract notice of how wacky it is, but what about the following?:
For a minute or so I watch through the window to make sure she doesn't get any ideas about the Camembert.
District Attorney on the street while riding around in a BBC van, he responded the same way any other innocent citizen would: he leaned out of the window and shouted "an anatomical obscenity" at her.
As it is, I dare hardly scrutinize English publications any more for fear of coming across even more barbaric examples than those we already have--“nuts-crackers,” perhaps, or “windows cleaners.”
No winter gales penetrated its polished windows; if the summer sun shone too vehemently, blinds were pulled down to protect the furnishings.
In our debut issue, Sebastian Junger finds "The Perfect Storm Window."
"What NATO has done--faced with the atrocities of Kosovo--has been to stay on the other side of the road, to make a note of the criminal's address, and to throw stones through the window of his home later that night," he wrote.
He was hopinga small leaf would stick to the window, somethingred, with a pear to match, a Bartlett; pearsand apples made him sleep.
My article does not say or imply that "real earnings growth only reflects retentions and that dividend growth must be zero" or that "all valuation techniques are out the window for firms that don't pay dividends."
The book, however, is internally powered by Ballard's patented transformation of cold into hot, turning medical and automotive jargon into spectacularly baroque metaphors: "Thinking of the extensor rictus of her spine during orgasm, the erect hairs on her undermuscled thighs, I stared at the stylized manufacturer's medallion visible in the photographs, the contoured flanks of the window pillars."
She used the discretion of the mirrored window to secretively survey her crew.
It is a shock to come across a revered architectural icon and to find the concrete stained, the painted window frames chipped, the tiles cracked.
However, its history has been maintained in the present law school building through the display of its stained glass windows and the old oak fireplace.
Narrow strips of windows indicate the book-stacks, above them nine thermal <b>windows</b> signal the vast reading room.
Also, notice Herron's window display at the city Center through October.
Windows had no frames.
A broader range of sequences, including mitochondrial and large viral genomes, has been surveyed by Karlin et al [ 3 4 6 8 9 12 17 ] using 50 kb and larger windows.
Each of the major functions (delivery, mail processing, transportation, and window service) is conducted using similar methods and technologies.
The entries on mayfly ¹, mayfly ², and mayfly ³, the first being any “up-winged insect,” the second the “true mayfly,” and the third, the “stonefly,” cover four full pages; more than six are devoted to sea trout ; more than ten to nymph fishing . Mirror and window goes into a fish's view of the world.
In addition, window types (metal versus wood), door thickness, and shading factors varied by region.
We are aware of the importance of those brain-enriched genes that scatter across the genome whose brain specific or differential expression is diluted by the large volume of neighbor genes within the 5 Mbp window region.
And when Roger McGough dedicates his poems for children “to those who gaze out of windows when they should be paying attention” he is punning on the title of the book, which is In the Glassroom (not Classroom , as misquoted: ironically, in view of the reviewer's own article in the same issue on “Accuracy in Quotations”!)
The window was then advanced by 10 units and reassessed.
The fake ad becomes a moment of dark revelation--a window into John's true character.
This will permit Microsoft to exercise the same type of proprietary control over MS Java applications that it does over other Windows applications.
Window size was varied by factors of approximately two, the specific values being 50 kb, 25 kb, 10 kb, 5 kb, 2 kb, 1 kb, 500 b, 250 b, and 125 b.
But I firmly posit that the increasingly free flow of information that the Internet allows can only benefit people in the long run by educating them on the wider world outside their windows.
Do the 50 delta-distances exhibit random fluctuations about the level indicated by the single larger window?
Word counting is less prone to these sources of error, and uses information intrinsic to biases in codon usage by counting codon pairs as hexamers in a sliding window, whereas codons are <b>read</b> in non-overlapping, tiled <b>windows</b>.
Meanwhile one of the routine, strictly business clocks glimpsed through windows during the rounds of my unofficial beat could substitute for a watch.
As the window size increases from two to eight genes, the net number of genes in groups (that is, the genes in groups in the ordered dataset minus genes in groups from the random dataset) increases linearly.
All of our patients, most of whom were younger than 60 years old, were kept in an ICU with windows.
The suicide of the famous Japanese film director Juzo Itami, who leapt to his death from an eighth-floor window this weekend, has been compared in newspapers around the world to the death of Princess Diana--to the extent that both have been seen as victims of the tabloid press.
A second factor influencing our trimming strategy arises from the fact that FastGroup must find a window in common between two sequences before it starts the grouping algorithm.
I don't know if you saw the article in Dissent in which Michael Tomasky maintained that "liberals" disagreed with your "broken windows" theory and that the policies of liberal mayors caused the increase in crime in America's cities between 1960 and 1990.
The GenBank accession number for each entry is a link to a new window that retrieves the specified entry from NCBI.
(Actually, there is no "sell immediately" recommendation, though common wisdom on the Street is that you should do so if bodies begin falling past your windows.)
In order to systematically identify groups of adjacent, similarly expressed genes, we calculated the average pair-wise Pearson correlation of gene expression for genes in a sliding ten-gene window across the genome.
We start however with the understanding that the sequence is fundamentally nonstationary, exhibiting statistically significant variations in base frequencies between non-overlapping windows [ 1 2 ] . Locally or globally estimated Markov models may describe it better than assuming that the bases are independent and identically distributed [ 19 ] but they fail to reflect the salient features of natural sequences [ 20 ] . For example, Robin and Daudin [ 21 ] compared the frequency of a specific motif in the genome sequence of Haemophilus influenzae to Markovian predictions and found that the observed frequencies were everywhere higher than predicted.
"Today's Papers" can only guess they are shoes so expensive that most folks can only look at them in the store window, or on their lawyers.
Although some known modules disappeared, some very interesting new modules are predicted, in window 700 runs, including modules for key genes in the segmentation process such as caudal, grainyhead, odd skipped (odd), and sloppy paired 1,2 (slp1,2) (see additional File 3).
Is it likely that she could, by twirling around and around on the bars, generate enough power to kick the pouncing velociraptor (weighing in at 300 pounds, easy) through the air and out the window?
In this postpartum sample, the responsibilities and lifestyle changes of caring for a new infant did not affect the mother's normal propensity to expose herself to light, whether outdoors, in areas of her home that receive natural light through windows, or under artificial lighting of an indoor environment.
The bleak black and white of the scene in the woman's office is relieved by a shot of yellow flowers, visible through the window.
As predicted, using the 3' conserved region for trimming and matching from the 3' end resulted in quicker FastGroup analysis (Table 2), presumably because the conserved region increases the chance that a window will be quickly found.
"I was in Phoenix recently, looking at a subdivision with new houses where there was a two-car garage in front and the front door--no other window on the street," McCurry said.
The 15 stained-glass windows depict 1,134 scenes from the Bible.
Delta-distances tend to fit the log-normal distribution better for window sizes 1 kb and larger.
The late 18th-century Chapel displays some fine plasterwork and dazzling stained-glass windows, together with a 20th-century organ in an 18th-century case.
Selection of the time window and cytokine concentration for in vitro IL-2 studies was based on the pharmacokinetics of IL-2 [ 19], measuring biologically active serum IL-2 levels after administration of different doses of IL-2.
The UV exposure chamber is comprised of a fused quartz UV exposure window (279 × 254 mm), on which a UV fixture containing six 36-watt UV lamps (Lumalier, Memphis, Tennessee) sits.
A rocky outcrop with a hole carved in it like an open window has lent itself to the name of the nearest settlement, Ribeira da Janela (“River <b>Window</b>”).
Many magazines, newspapers, and advertisements must be delivered within a one, two or three day window.
At the center of the square is the Royal Palace, founded in the 15th century and better known as the Palace of 55 Windows.
This procedure was carried out for 3 days, yielding three replicates of each time window.

After settling on 100 data points as the window, an averaged ( S1+S2 )/2 incremented by one point each time was calculated along with σ and σ 2for the corresponding sets of 100 points used in the signal averaging process.
These alignments were then classified by QRNA in scanning mode, scoring overlapping windows of 200 nucleotides sliding 50 nucleotides at a time, and all <b>windows</b> with scores of ≥ 5 bits for one of the three models were annotated as RNA, COD, or OTH correspondingly.
They did know that the explosion had been large enough to send down a fireball that blew out elevators and windows in the lobby and that conditions were so dire that some civilians on upper floors were jumping or falling from the building.
Different regions of TCRs at varying windows away from translation start sites may be more competent at recruiting or inhibiting RNA polymerase.
The use of animals as decoys is a strategy in some pastoralist and agriculturalist communities in East and West Africa [ 16 17 18 19 ] . Shutters, doors, screens, or windows are commonly used as barriers against mosquitoes in many areas across Africa.
Modules can be located by scanning the genome in windows, counting the number of matches to each matrix with a score better than some value, and then combining scores and ranking [ 6 7 ] . We have designed an algorithm, Ahab, which eliminates all parameters other than a final rank, and, following the logic of the mobydick algorithm [ 11 ] , computes via maximum likelihood the probability that the <b>window</b> sequence is made up by sampling from the known weight matrices or background.
By sliding 25 bp window (representing average primer length) incrementally along the genome in 1-bp intervals, an average of the highest log odds scores for each position (either A, C, G or T) was calculated to generate the overall degree of conservation (conservation score) for this 25-bp region.
Perl scripts were used to parse sequence alignments from the BLAST output and identify the 100-residue section of each alignment that contained the maximum percentage identity obtainable in a window of that size for that alignment.
By extending Delivery Confirmation to First-Class mail as a replacement for Certified Mail, the potential exists to drive in excess of $300 million per year in window clerk and letter carrier costs from the system.
The status of each chromosome arm, including length, number of physical map gaps, number of finished and unfinished BACs, number of sequence gaps, and sequence quality, estimated as error rate in a sliding window of 100 kb, is shown in Table 1. The positions of the remaining gaps are diagrammed in Figure 1. The euchromatic genome is assembled into 50 contigs; 50% of the genome is contained in contigs (N50) of 14 Mb or greater, and 99% (N99) is in contigs greater than 526 kb.
, 25 nt exon sequence - intron insertion site - 25 nt exon sequence) window of weighted averages, suggesting that this <b>window</b> size includes most of the exon signal.
The chemicals were so caustic that the men kept their windows open, despite the freezing temperatures outside, and sucked on cough drops to soothe their irritated throats.
Every 5-nucleotide sequence within the window was evaluated as a potential branch point.
Counts of overlapping base steps in windows were computed with the last base of one <b>window</b> serving as the first base of the next.
The climate, especially during this time, is predominantly sunny with mild temperatures (average: 21 degrees Centigrade), providing an environment conducive to going outdoors or opening the windows, even with a new infant in the home.
The afferent spikes were passed through a slope/height window discriminator (Frederick Haer & Co.) and then sent to the signal processor as transistor transistor logic (TTL) pulses.
The size of this window would be defined by the time taken for the protein complexes to bind as the nascent RNA emerges.
To localize promoters in genomic sequences, an input window of 300 bp is shifted along both sides of the sequence, and the neural network score as well as the position of the initiator segment is stored for each <b>window</b>.
Alternatively, a narrow window might discard too much data, increasing the chance for bias from nonrandom exclusion of subjects.
Our use of nonoverlapping windows is consistent with the methodology employed in prior studies using 50 kb and longer <b>windows</b>.
Using 5 Mbp window moving along the chromosome with 1 Mbp interval, the gene density ratio is defined as UniGene (Version 5.002) [ 4 25 ] count divided by the average UniGene count in each 5 Mbp region.
Because the 5' ends of ESTs derived from full-length cDNAs are expected to lie in a narrow window at the TSS, we required that the 5' ends of at least three ESTs fall within an 11-bp <b>window</b> of genomic sequence, and that the number of ESTs whose 5' ends fall within this <b>window</b> comprise at least 30% of the ESTs in the cluster.
Following each round of 5' sequencing, all sequences were clustered using a clustering algorithm that forms separate clusters if there are more than 6 nucleotide differences in any 30-nucleotide window of the match.
Further information about an annotation that is locally maintained can be displayed by bringing up the text window, which contains descriptive information about an annotation (Figure 5).
Finally, the maximum likelihood fit has to be done separately for each window and thus hundreds of millions of times for the genomes of higher eukaryotes, thus requiring an efficient implementation of the numerical procedures.
These results are consistent with the cuvette studies and directly demonstrate that within a narrow time window after MTX challenge, U73343 can rescue BAECs from oncotic cell death.
Within the window, all heartbeats which comply with (2) and (4), respectively, are counted.
The inhibitory effects of glucose on lipid breakdown are limited to a narrow developmental window.
Our results as well as others' show that mitochondrial vacuolation provides an important window for examination of the mechanism whereby mutant SOD1 causes mitochondrial damage and motor neuron degeneration.
