Homer wrote his epic works on Chios; and lyrical poetry was much admired, particularly the work of the poets Archilochos on Paros and Sappho on Lesvos.
It was here that he wrote what was to <b>become</b> the final book of the New Testament, the Book of Revelation.
Graffiti written by Russian soldiers can be seen in the caves of Antiparos.
Broaddrick told me Sunday that a Times reporter had appeared at the house in the a.m., and that she had refused an interview," Rabinowitz writes in an e-mail message.
Writing to Rumsfeld on September 17 in a memo headlined "Preventing More Events,"he argued that if there was even a 10 percent chance that Saddam Hussein was behind the 9/11 attack, maximum priority should be placed on eliminating that threat.
Well I didn't like writing at the time but I took it upon myself to go ahead and <b>write</b> a paper.
you know it's just them there they are and they're writing the whole time
They might make $300, $400 a week if they write X number of stories, and that's it.
Well, we provided an affidavit, and that affidavit indicated that we, if called upon to testify, would validate the authenticity of the articles that were written.
But I was as clear as I could possibly be that what is at issue here would be, for example, the particular events that the reporters wrote about and questions such as -- simple questions, did they attend the meeting, did they hear them say the comments, did they <b>write</b> the story immediately after, did they take notes at the time of the meeting.
And then in the course of that conversation, the defendants counsel had stated, for example, we would like the opportunity to ask if they heard Mr. So and So say something, why didn't they write that.
I'm willing to have them testify as to what they wrote in the article and basically forget the affidavit.
You have no idea how long it took us to write this.
To allay Mr. Benn's concerns, I think it is not fair game to talk about all the other things that they heard and why they wrote the article the way they did and why they excluded quotes.
Did you ever speak to any of the reporters who had written the stories about what the Dover School Board was doing during this time?
I had wrote a letter to the editor.
I wrote a letter to the editor -- I believe it was actually <b>written</b> before I attended the board meeting, but it wasn't published until after that June 14th board meeting.
Who wrote the letter?
Our standing objection, as well as she has not established a foundation that actually Heather Geesey wrote this article.
That made me question, first of all, was she writing on behalf of just herself or on behalf of the whole school board since it was signed Dover Area School Board Director, and I sensed a religious intonation.
And one is certain that Kenneth Rexroth, in his American Poetry in the Twentieth Century (Herder and Herder, N.Y., 1971) did not intend to hint at closet biographical matter when, in Chapter I, he wrote that “Whitman's poems are full of men doing things together,” or, later in the same chapter, when he referred to “Whitman's joyous workmen swinging their tools in the open air.”
British-born explorers did not set out to write Australian English, of course.
Because writing an unfavorable review of a (bad) feminist book would be tantamount to treachery, such books are often unjustifiably praised, as was the case with this work by Rosalind Miles, which was well received on its publication in June.
From the poet Sappho, who in the sixth century BC was the first to use the lyric to write subjectively and explore the range of female experience, to the Chinese polymath Pan Chao (Ban Zhao), who flourished around AD 100 as historian, poet, astronomer, mathematician and educationalist, the range is startling.
Even the remnants we have from early languages that had a writing system are relatively sparse: Classical Latin and <b>Greek</b>, Hebrew, and a few other languages are better documented than others; but for most all we have to go on are a handful of tablets here, a few inscriptions there, barely enough in many cases to allow us to identify the language, let alone draw any conclusions regarding its structure or meaning.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is <b>written</b> (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is <b>written</b> in Hebrew characters; Latin, <b>Greek</b>, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were <b>written</b> in cuneiform, quite suitable for <b>writing</b> on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is <b>written</b> (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is <b>written</b> in Hebrew characters; Latin, <b>Greek</b>, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were <b>written</b> in cuneiform, quite suitable for <b>writing</b> on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is <b>written</b> (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is <b>written</b> in Hebrew characters; Latin, <b>Greek</b>, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were <b>written</b> in cuneiform, quite suitable for <b>writing</b> on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
As everyone in the world must know by now, William Safire writes a column in The New York Times Magazine called “On Language.”
Those familiar with Safire's editorial style, reflected in his political columns on the editorial pages of The N. Y. Times , may agree with me in the contention that when he writes about language he seems to be <b>writing</b> on his day off: I cannot put my finger on why, but “On Language” always strikes me as an excruciating effort to be cute.
As Andrew Norman wrote, in a letter published in this book on page 113, “You flit freely back and forth between prescriptivism and descriptivism.”
Notwithstanding the valuable role he plays in inspiring nonlinguists to think about language and in informing them about myriad facets of the subject, I find it hard slogging (or, as he would probably write, “sloguing”).
In their description of isoglosses , they write:
One way of bounding the effect of these parameter changes is to write the original differential equation as

About languages that had no writing system, we know nothing at all.
procured funding, directed the research, and wrote the manuscript.
I have tried to write about humor and have found it such a humorless chore that I have given up, usually after one paragraph.
MW wrote the manuscript.
When he writes moving, interesting drama, he doesn't.
LDC wrote and performed all statistical analysis and preparation of the data presented in this manuscript.
In OBITER DICTA [XXIII,3,16] Tony Hall writes... the square of 5.5 is not a simple piece of mental arithmetic.
Then it is more informative to write v 
She had written her poem (which she titled "Only You") and put it back in the file without ever telling him.
William Pascrell Jr., D-NJ, wrote to LSC; the Passaic County Board of Chosen freeholders passed a resolution against it; and local mayors, the state and local bar associations and various community groups clients have <b>written</b> letters on behalf of Passaic Legal Aid.
Whether the shift from Hildy Johnson to Abe Rosenthal was a good or bad thing, it must be noted that not even Rosenthal's most passionate detractors have ever accused him of being a fictional character or of writing a sentence like "Crushing all Chechen resistance, Russian troops made their dreamy, romantic, and elegant way to the outskirts of Grozny."
Dr. Berman wrote the first draft of the article and <b>wrote</b> the Perl validator for the current TMA specification draft, chairs the API Technical Standards Committee that launched the TMA data exchange specification and chaired the first TMA Data Exchange discussion held at the U of Michigan AIMCL meeting, May 30, 2002.
CB designed and tested FVL OCPs and participated in generating figures and writing the manuscript.
It began as a decoding system in which the reader learned to read texts from China as though they were Japanese, and developed into a way of writing employed by Japanese themselves.
The Institutional Review Board of the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke and the NIH Radiation Safety Committee approved the study and all patients and healthy volunteers gave their written and informed consent.
In the course of the endless massacre of Americans on Omaha Beach, I wrote in my notebook, "No one who experiences this scene will ever cheer for a war again."
As there were no interventions, requirement for written patient consent was waived.
Given that grammars are often used on a systematic basis--the regularities dominate the idiosyncrasies--grammarians write and format them on that basis; yet grammars are also used, exceedingly often, on a single-shot basis, a quick in and out, just like a normal dictionary consultation.
As early as mid-1997, one CIA officer wrote to his supervisor: "All we're doing is holding the ring until the cavalry gets here."
But will the bandwidth explosion be undermined by Shuman's Law ? Shuman's Law holds that you can count on talented twentysomething software developers (like Shuman) to write big, stinking pieces of software that will swallow all your expanding computer resources--your processor, your hard disk, your memory, and your bandwidth --resulting in no net performance gains.
Use of Intermediaries: In all written and oral communications with recipients, OCE will affirmatively propose that recipients use program staff as an intermediary to review case files (or other records containing privileged or confidential information) and to answer questions of OCE.
Others have written about the Staples controversy and will continue to do so.
If you believe that the trust fund is an accounting fiction (the government borrowing from itself, paying itself interest, and writing checks that are government commitments irrespective of the fund), then the transaction is a total wash.
The FBI office in London raised the matter briefly with British officials as an aside, after a meeting about a more urgent matter on September 3, and sent the British service a written update on September 5. The case was not handled by the British as a priority amid a large number of other terrorist-related inquiries.
It is astonishing to see a public figure at a political event refer to any work of literature written before 1985 or, in the case of George W., <b>written</b>.
More formally we can write the reduction in population cancer mortality rates associated with starting periodic cancer screening at age a instead of age b as
"the slight, intense woman"-- a presumptuous comment from reporter David E. Sanger, writing in the New York Times.
If she wrote a letter, perhaps she also “bote” her tongue.
A few sentences written on the retablo express the favor granted, starting with the words “Doy gracias” or “Doy infinitas gracias a la Santisima Virgen de San Juan de los Lagos” (I give thanks, I give infinite thanks to the most holy Virgin of San Juan of the Lakes) and the reason for the retablo is <b>written</b> out, with the location and date added at the end.
But he’d seen the writing on the wall and brought the war to an end with Algerian independence in 1962.
Indy Reads students make gains in reading, writing and language.
JRD extracted data, contributed to the protocol writing, extracted and analyzed data, contributed to the drafts and approved the final version of the paper.
The WP reports that Trent Lott got a provision written into the budget bill that extends the duck hunting season in Mississippi, but never explains how a federal bill could do that.
Lighting daily candles could be a financial strain, and a pilgrimage may take several years to complete, yet neither is ever forgotten, and a manda is taken more seriously than a legal written contract.
However you read or write it, Urumqi sounds remote and exotic.
Today, he and his new tutor are exploring the Internet and plotting routes to travel out west while they continue to strengthen his reading and writing.
In most methods, we plan for data collection, then we collect the information, then we analyze it, and then we write the report.
A stilus was the sharp-pointed tool used to write on wax tablets and, by inference, stilus also referred to the way that something was <b>written</b>.
Nanak’s teachings were written in the Adi Granth, which acquired for Sikhs the sanctity of the Koran.
I am writing to ask you, as a business leader, to invest in our community by contributing to this partnership through United Way of Central Indiana.
AIB was responsible for generating microarray data, and contributed to writing the manuscript.
Joyce Maynard auctioned off love letters written to her by J.D.
Marianne Stoller writes of the work of New Mexican women artists and why they have been left out of history.
At the end of the day, Louis — apparently oblivious to events in Paris — wrote in his diary, “Rien” (“Nothing”).
Once again, we are writing to ask for your support.
Atta's rent checks for the apartment provide evidence of the importance that the apartment assumed as a center for the group, as he would write on them the notation "Dar el Ansar," or "house of the followers."
If you don't like getting your nose punched, your aversion goes into the cost-benefit calculus and inspires us to write laws that discourage nose-punching.
One play about La Adelita, titled Soldadera, written by Josephine Niggli, was produced and performed in the United States in 1936, and is still performed today.
They have three locations around the island (<b>write</b> to P.O.
That's why I'm writing to you today.
It apparently never occurred to even one of these overpaid scribes to eliminate Hopkins' rueful realization that he'd "never write the great American novel"--no kidding, given his flagrantly Welsh accent.
Because the customer must write, call, or e-mail these retailers with a specific purchase request, these firms are able to capture actual consumer demand rather than sales numbers alone.
Within the outcrop (which is actually the “Skull Hill” of the Garden Tomb) is a cave called Jeremiah’s Grotto; it is believed that the Prophet Jeremiah wrote the Book of Lamentations here and was then laid to rest.
Imagine how proud he must be of his writing skills, and his reading skills!
R. Nelson; Conceived the study, wrote the paper, reviewed relevant literature.
You write that Barton's day-trading career is emblematic of the "glitz-and-greed '90s" and that Americans are "abandoning safe investments in the quest for instant riches."
He has written several works on the traditional folk arts of southern Arizona, a region that also includes the Pimas, Yaquis, and Tohono O’odham Native Americans and borders the Sonora state of Mexico.
Entire books have been written about the original mosaics on the five domes and the great barrel vaults separating them, dating from the 11th to the 15th centuries.
I write to ask you to <b>become</b> a supporter of the Moving Company.
Once I wrote that 1990 review, I <b>became</b> a threat to Gould's social status, an enemy.
Although not a trained folklorist, Arnold Rojas writes of the vaquero (cowboy) culture of California, especially in the San Joaquin Valley at the turn of the century and into the first third of the 1900s.
Here, Henry David Thoreau, philosopher, essayist, poet, and friend of Emerson, lived in a cabin from 1845 to 1847, and wrote Walden.
You never write.
AM, KK, SB, AP, and FK aided in data interpretation, Bioinformatics, literature searches and writing the manuscript.
In effect, Reich is saying that he's not writing journalism or history.
A brief history of the origin of writing: In the early Near East, loans of sheep and goats were common.
The great literary figure of the time, Vitsénzos Kornáros, wrote a romantic epic poem in the Cretan dialect, Erotókritos.
Joanne Warner, the second Challenger Scholar, wrote recently that she teaches second grade at Arlington Elementary in Franklin Township. "
Alexie's forthcoming film, Smoke Signals (produced, directed, written by, and starring American Indians), depicts reservation life accurately and touchingly.
A number of companies will offer an evening of Scottish dancing along with an “addressing the haggis” ceremony — traditionally performed on Burns Night, the birthday of the poet who wrote an ode to this favorite Scottish dish.
I am writing to you as a donor to SouthEast Neighborhood Development (SEND) to update you on both our accomplishments and the challenges we are tackling next.
If a written product has been planned, the requesters or co-requesters must advise GAO of their withdrawal before the product is submitted for printing.
On the other hand, he writes at another point, "Humanitarianism is political.
If you would like a copy before you leave home, write to: The Budapest Sun, 1068 Budapest, Dózsa György út 84a.
If you would like to write Dr. Prentice, I'm sure he would be happy to hear from you.
At least, this is what I tell Italian-Americans who write me incredibly nasty letters when my mob stories appear.
Patricia Preciado Martin, born and raised in Arizona, has written extensively about the folklore and traditional past of the Mexican <b>people</b> of Arizona.
The religion was druidic, and the law was an elaborate written code, interpreted by a class of professional lawyers known as brehons.
The new requirements stress closer attention to individual learning between students and advisers and emphasize the connections among literary study, writing, and linguistics.
This program should include (1) a safety officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a safety program, (2) the preparation of a formal, written, health and safety plan, which is provided to each of the laboratory staff, (3) an ongoing training program on laboratory safety, and (4) regularly scheduled, documented, safety inspections.
Great reviews for Memphis soul-blues singer and guitarist Cray's 11 th album: "A sheer blast of rocking good times" (Amy Linden, People ). It may not break any new ground, but it nevertheless impresses the critics--Joe Rosenthal of Rolling Stone <b>writes</b> that it is "a slow-burning soul record--and one of the most focused album's of Cray's 25 year career."
The dissent, written by Justice Harlan, explicitly addressed the problem of unequal bargaining <b>power</b> between owners and bakers:
It was here that he wrote what was to <b>become</b> the final book of the New Testament, the Book of Revelation.
It took me 1 and 1/2 hours to type this on the computer because my writing skills need a lot of practice yet, but my tutor helped me with only a few words.
The same might justly be said of the man who wrote the play.
Nonetheless, writing for the majority, Justice Miller constructed a plausible theory of what it should mean to be a citizen of the United States.
Several of the windows show Bible scenes on a majestic scale, but look also for the simple red door above which is written the advice “marry in haste, repent at leisure.”
To better help us assist you, write, fax or E-mail and tell us more about yourself.
Soon after the Cole attack and for the remainder of the Clinton administration, analysts stopped distributing written reports about who was responsible.
He had a decade of writing his novel behind him and almost three more ahead of him.
Writers such as Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg, as well as the poets that hung round Lawrence Ferlinghetti’s City Lights Bookstore, advocated a free and unstructured style of writing, exemplified by Jack Kerouac’s cult novel On the Road.
Did you know that about 20 percent of America's workers have low basic skills and 75 percent of unemployed adults have reading or writing difficulties?
performed all of the studies described and wrote the draft of the manuscript.
The Sun , which claims 11 million readers, explained that Hashimoto had written the article to warm up the welcome for Emperor Akihito when he visits Britain in May.
“La Vida de un Bato Loco,” written by an informant of Linda Katz and reproduced in her work, provides a good example of the literary uses of caló.
Local legend claims that he wrote <b>part</b> of his great saga, Os Lusíadas, in what is now called the Camões Grotto, situated in the spacious tropical Camões Garden.
In 1959 she retired but continued to work giving lectures, writing, and acting as a consultant to the Peace Corps.
Dufu (formerly spelled Tufu) lived from 712 to 770 and wrote more than 1,400 poems, many of them regarded as the greatest in the Chinese canon.
The printed history of the conquest of the New World depicts a violent and corrupt invasion, but there is a belief that the Black Legend has influenced the way this history has been written.
The settlers wrote their names in charcoal on the walls of the cavern and erected a stone altar for their services (unfortunately the entrance to the cave is now littered with rubbish left by modern travelers).
A US purchase of the island from Spain had long been on the agenda, even though Martí had warned of <b>becoming</b> a satellite of the United States (“I know the Monster, because I have lived in its lair,” he <b>wrote</b>).
Computer programs can always be written in the form of a binary symbol string of 1 and 0 symbols.
Learning was considerably advanced by the Moors, and a medical treatise written by an Arab physician in Crevillente is recognized today as revolutionary for its time.
She wrote many articles for various New Mexican publications.
A count of the languages spoken all over India, leaving out the dialects, comes to 1,652, written in 13 different alphabets.
He learned the Spanish language, apparently because of his ethnological interests, and wrote on the Tejano and Mexicano culture of the border region.
Victor Hugo, in exile in Guernsey, was writing Les Misérables, while Baudelaire was working on Les Fleurs du Mal, and Offenbach was composing jolly operettas, such as La Belle Hélène.
Adam Smith could write, in the same year as the Declaration of Independence, of the wonders of a free market, based on the voluntary cooperation of producers and consumers, and its invisible hand that would produce the maximum possible welfare for humankind.
In the ninth century he was demoted from a high imperial post to the job of governor of Hangzhou because he wrote poems satirizing the court.
At the same time that the Industrial Revolution was wreaking havoc, however, a small but influential group of writers and poets settled in the area and began to write about its natural beauties and its lifestyle.
She was one of several New Mexican women, such as Cleofas M. Jaramillo and Nina Otero-Warren, who wrote of the culture and heritage of their Hispano ancestors.
Lord Byron stayed here in 1810 and is said to have written some of his work while enjoying the seclusion.
Early in his career, after emigrating to the United States from South Africa, Greenberg was employed writing design standards for courthouses, which led to an unusual commission: the conversion of an empty supermarket into a courthouse.
The 17th-century Erotókritos, written by Vinzétzos Kornáros, is the most popular of these.
“In Architecture, as in all other Operative Arts, the end must direct the Operation,” he wrote.
In a country boasting one of the world’s biggest paper industries, you’ll find here one last town, St-Joseph-de-la-Rive, where you can buy handmade paper, perfect for writing home with distinction.
Several New Mexican women who descended from the early Spanish settlers of the region wrote personal life histories that incorporated the traditional way of life of the Hispano community of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Under his rule, commerce and the arts flourished: Attica’s wine and olive oil were shipped to Italy, Egypt, and Asia Minor in beautiful black-figure pots; the first tragedies ever written were performed at the annual festival of the wine god, Dionysus; and the standard version of Homer’s works was set down.
Alfred Chandler writes,
Although bereft of up-to-date display cases and featuring explanations written in Chinese only, this museum provides the most exhaustive overview of Chinese civilization — illustrated with national treasures — of any gallery in China.
The Gettysburg Address, as written, apparently did not contain the reference to “this nation, under God.”
Their origins remain a my­s­tery (their written language was finally deciphered in 1915), but they came from the direction of the Caucasus moun­tains, spreading destruction and disorder throughout Anatolia.
At various times he wrote pamphlets for the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
According to legend, a scholar tried to write a poem worthy of the cave’s beauty, but before he could find adequate words he had turned to stone.
Marc Simmons writes about a legend of La Mano Negra from the town of Bernalillo, New Mexico.
But with the wealth of writing talent that has graced the city, books by Burns, Scott, and Stevenson (along with poetry by Ramsey) make very suitable souvenirs of your trip.
Around this time the Sumerian civilization living in Mesopotamia (the region between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers in present-day Iraq) founded and developed the cuneiform script, the world’s oldest form of writing on record.
Justice Holmes had the same point in mind when he wrote, apodictically, “The Fourteenth Amendment does not enact Mr. Herbert Spencer’s Social Statics.”
Featuring a host of original music sung by the main star (at writing, Tommy Tune) and dozens of other singing and dancing talents, EFX is a special-effects laden science-fiction tale suitable for all ages.
This way of life has been memorialized in the work of Arnold Rojas, who was a vaquero and has written about his life in California in the twentieth century.
Frank Sinatra, Wayne Newton, and Louis Prima each arrived with mediocre status and suddenly found themselves with names as big as the marquees on which they were written.
Well I didn't like writing at the time but I took it upon myself to go ahead and <b>write</b> a paper.
She is a beloved female archetype among contemporary Chicanas, who write poems, short stories, and academic research articles about her.
Ernest Hemingway spent a lot of time fishing and writing here — photographs of this prominent visitor still adorn the walls of the Compleat Angler Hotel, where he <b>wrote</b> To Have and Have Not.
Nevertheless, they all wrote of the loss of land and loss of culture, and sought to preserve the folklore, customs, and stories of their grandparents, close friends, and those who worked for them.
The whole Yucatán peninsula witnessed the flowering of classic Mayan civilization and a society of great sophistication; with its magnificent pyramids, temples, and palaces decorated with wall paintings and carved low-reliefs, a written language of hieroglyphics, and complicated medical procedures to heal the injured or the sick.
For a small fee, people could hire a composer to <b>write</b> a calavera for them and draw a skeleton to go with it.
Jules Verne is said to have been inspired by a visit here to write Journey to the Center of the Earth.
Portugal’s prosperous second city, Porto (also written Oporto in English, meaning “the Port”), hugs a gorge at the mouth of the Douro river.
This was reported in a Los Angeles Times article in 1992 written by Christopher Heredia.
“ Albert is so amused,” wrote Queen Victoria, “at my having got the <b>island</b> of Hong Kong. ”
There is much written evidence of her appearances in Texas, where she was referred to as “The Mysterious Woman in Blue.”
Lanai’s upcountry, very upscale resort is appointed like an Old English estate, with writing desks, four-poster beds, library, music room.
He had a written text with him that amounted to about 268 words.
Access is available only on written request or invitation by a deputy.
Marcus Stewart wrote a long epic poem in 1882 titled Rosita, A California Tale, in which he speculates on the life of Murrieta.
It has seen such illustrious guests as Winston Churchill and Agatha Christie, who wrote her thriller Death on the Nile while staying here.
Vasconcelos wrote his slim volume in his search for a Mexican identity for himself and for Mexico’s population.
The room contains original artifacts from Hemingway’s many years in Cuba, including the typewriter he used to write most of For Whom the Bell Tolls (those not staying in the hotel can visit the room for US$2).
The title of one of Rudolfo Anaya’s novels is Heart of Aztlán, published in 1979; Miguel Mendez wrote Pilgrims in Aztlán first in Spanish in 1974, later translated to English in 1992; and Alurista has a poetry collection titled Floricanto en Aztlán, published in 1971.
The new emperor called himself Jahangir (World Seizer) but once in power he left affairs of state to his wife Nur Jahan, as he was more interested in <b>writing</b> poetry, drinking a great deal of wine, and taking summer excursions up to Kashmir.
Several corridos (ballads) have been written about her, and she is a powerful symbol for Mexican and Chicana women, representing bravery, self-discipline, and romantic love.
Ernest Hemingway spent a lot of time fishing and writing here — photographs of this prominent visitor still adorn the walls of the Compleat Angler Hotel, where he <b>wrote</b> To Have and Have Not.
There are no overall written accounts or collections of the oral traditions and folklore of the early Californios as we have of the Hispanos of New Mexico.
A 13th-century poet wrote that the most beautiful scenery of China is found in Sichuan, and, indeed, some of the best of that scenery is concentrated in Leshan.
Raúl Salinas, in his poem “A Trip through the Mind Jail,” writes about his barrio, and all barrios, while he serves time in prison.
His daughter Anne wrote a diary during their time in the attic, which <b>became</b> an international bestseller after the war.
Another good example of the life of a bato loco is “La Vida de un Bato Loco,” a short memoir written by an informant of Linda Katz, reproduced in her thesis on the pachuco language and culture <b>written</b> for a master’s degree at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Mesopotamian script was also copied, but it developed into the first Egyptian written language.
This is where Noel Coward holed up to write Private Lives and where Steven Spielberg filmed scenes for Empire of the Sun.
Cuneiform writing began.
The regent Kaahumanu, ruling in the name of her young charge, Kamehameha III, seized the opportunity and followed many of the strictures favored by the Calvinist Congregationalists, who were modernizing the country through the establishment of schools and the printing of books in the Hawaiian language (which they formulated in a written form for the first time).
It has some program, typically written as a sequence of binary numbers, and , and the program operates on the input data, also a string of binary symbols, and churns out an answer.
Graffiti written by Russian soldiers can be seen in the caves of Antiparos.
In 1944 he joined the army, wrote for the military newspaper Stars and Stripes, and worked in Japan for a couple of years.
It stocks expensive lighting and funky furniture, as well as watches, kitchen utensils, and writing instruments.
Well I didn't like writing at the time but I took it upon myself to go ahead and <b>write</b> a paper.
Wittgenstein wrote persuasively that the same systematic diYculty was lodged in attempts to reduce one language game to another, for example, from a description of a legal event to a description in terms of mere human actions to a description in terms of physical events.
Jose Limón has written about a version found in Texas.
The bulk of the collection was brought together by Theo Van Gogh, who also kept over 800 letters written by his brother, which, when read in conjunction with viewing the paintings, bring life and context to the works themselves.
North America’s first known full-length drama was written by the colony’s lawyer, Marc Lescarbot.
Arnold Rojas, a Californian vaquero, writer, and memoirist, writes that Joaquín Murrieta was from the city of Alamos, Sonora, Mexico, where church records show that he and Rosita were married.
Of the 13th-century capital, Marco Polo wrote that “the whole interior of the city is laid out in squares like a chessboard with such masterly precision that no description can do justice to it” — a pattern Beijing retains to this day.
José Alfredo Jimenez wrote over 500 songs, many <b>becoming</b> classics that continue to be sung today by younger artists, that have a universal sentiment that speaks to the hearts of Chicanos.
Campa wrote nine books, nine bulletins, and forty-nine articles, mostly about folklore, but also on the Spanish language.
The park also contains Erquan Spring, source of the some of the world’s best water for tea brewing, according to the Classic of Tea (Chajing), written by the scholar Luyu.
A social historical study of the vaquero life on the King and Kennedy ranches, from the early nineteenth century to the present, has been written by Monday and Colley.
Aristotle, one of the world’s greatest philosophers, held forth at his own school of the Lyceum; Menander wrote comic plays; Praxiteles sculpted scores of superb statues, including that of Hermes, one of the greatest <b>Greek</b> sculptures, now in the museum at Olympia.
The prototype of the rascuache character was Pito Perez, the protagonist of the novel La Vida Inútil de Perez (The Futile Life of Pito Perez) by Jose Ruben Romero, first published in 1938 and reprinted many times, most recently in 1993; and also Don Chipote of Las Aventuras de Don Chipote written by Daniel Venegas in 1928, a journalist who lived in Los Angeles.
The end was hastened by a man who made other Muslim invaders seem like pussy cats: the Mongol Timur the Lame, the “barbarous and bloody Tamburlaine,” later written about by Elizabethan playwright Christopher Marlowe.
Beyond the village of Yangdi unfolds the uncanny scenery that prompted a Chinese poet more than a thousand years ago to write: “The river is a green silk belt, the mountains emerald hairpins.”
“Fashion is also a search for a new language to discredit the old,” writes Fernand Braudel, “a way in which each generation can repudiate its immediate predecessor and distinguish itself from it.”
When Hideyoshi built his main castle in the center of Osaka after unifying the country in 1583, the city’s prosperity seemed written in stone.
One published dictionary of caló, by Jay Rosensweig, presents caló in a rather harsh manner, referring to it as gutter Spanish, which prompted a reader to take the privilege of writing a comment on the title page of the book.
Here, if in any one place, modern art was born: Picasso, Braque, and Juan Gris developed Cubism; Modigliani painted in a style all his own; and Apollinaire wrote his first surrealistic verses.
Niggli was 25 years old when the play was written.
The Museum of the Ancient Orient (Eski »ark Eserleri Müzesi) displays objects from ancient Near and Middle Eastern civilizations, including Babylonian ceramic panels from the time of King Nebuchadnezzar (605– 562 b.c. ), Hittite stone lions, and clay tablets bearing the earliest known examples of writing (2700 b.c. ), and the oldest recorded set of laws, the Code of Hammurabi (1750 b.c. ).
Bourke observed, chronicled, and wrote both as a journalist and anthropologist about the folk medicine practices and the folk foodways of the Rio Grande region.
And Taylor thinks: If I really believe what I've been writing, don't I have a patriotic duty to do whatever I can to prevent this tragedy?
In composing this narrative, we have tried to remember that we write with the benefit and the handicap of hindsight.
And third, as he wrote his study in the 1920s, he found many Spaniards who had recently immigrated to California from Andalucía in Spain and who represented a Spain from a different era, and not that of the Spanish Californios.

RTS with the assistance of all the co-authors developed the digital drusen measurement method and wrote the paper.
Think of the paintings they could have avoided painting, the books they could have not written, the time they could have saved not layering paint (or, in the case of Ofili, paint, magazine pages, and elephant dung) or doing research!
CW and DB developed and implemented the process as well as wrote the manuscript.
If dabbling in Holocaust denial doesn't convict Buchanan of anti-Semitism on its own, it makes a powerful case in combination with the many things he has said and written pointing to Jews as a surreptitious, sinister <b>force</b> in American life.
Mr. Chairman, this concludes my written testimony.
“To be truly modern,” he writes, “means finding the dynamic balance between eternal human values and the specific demands of the present.
A traffic engineer will write in, noting that the signs cannot, in fact, be placed any higher due to some ordinance, which any moron would know about.
In a written set of instructions slightly refined during the morning meeting, President Bush charged Ashcroft, Mueller, and Tenet to develop a plan for homeland defense.
Nasario Garcia has published several collections depicting the way of life of the elders of the Rio Puerco Valley, and Rudolfo Anaya has written several children’s books that bring forth the folklore of the region.
Scott marvels at Amis' ability to write stories that "seem to have been <b>written</b> on a dare, or as entries in a contest to see who could get the best results from the worst ideas" (the New York Times Book Review ). But some are unimpressed with these tossed-off tales.
Much has been written about these riots from both literary and historical perspectives.
Sarah: In your final post yesterday you asked: "Can it really be that difficult to write a song called 'Kyle's Mom Is a Bitch?
The Murrieta legend has also been written by Latinos and Europeans, and Pablo Neruda, the Nobel Prize winner, <b>wrote</b> an opera about Murrieta entitled Splendor and Death of Joaquín Murrieta, insisting that Joaquín was actually Chileno and not Mexican.
"Everything seems more and more the same, wherever you are," wrote architecture critic Paul Goldberger in a New York Times Magazine article last year.
In addition, he writes, “Because sales were made on the store’s premises rather than through traveling salesmen, buyers had an even larger role than they did in the wholesale houses.
He then forwarded this article written by the at-sea Coast Guard commander.
Cemetery and graveyard decorating traditions have been researched and written about as a means of appreciating and understanding Mexican folk beliefs about death and grieving.
There are some neat things here, starting with the novella Q.E.D. , which Stein wrote when she was 29.
The film Zoot Suit, written and directed by Luis Valdez in 1981, depicts the dress, language, and problems of Mexican American youth and especially pachucos in Los Angeles in the 1940s.
Writing Monday in the National Post of Canada, David Frum said that the demonstrations were symptoms of an "ever-worsening global problem-shortage."
In more recent times the individual who writes on walls has been called a tagger, and the art of <b>writing</b> is tagging.
And, true to my old profession, as I write this I'm crashing to meet the deadline I was assigned by editor Michael Kinsley.
Mary Helen Ponce writes in Hoyt Street about the barrio where she grew up in Pacoima, California, during the 1940s and 1950s.
Unfamiliar reporters prowled with clipboards and camera equipment, wrote volunteer Sally Belfrage, who noted that "for Negroes there hardly seemed to be anyone who wasn't rushing around looking for King, cooking for King, talking of King as if they couldn't find him, and thinking of him as if there was no one to talk to."
“People have always worn what they wanted to wear,” <b>writes</b> Anne Hollander, “fashion exists to keep fulfilling that desire.”
One friend with a truly amazing gift for getting out of things he did not want to do wrote to describe his own experience of fatherhood.
Luis Valdez wrote and directed a play about Vásquez titled Bandido!
To this one might add the single paragraph I devote to the origin of the Washington Holocaust Museum, which, as you wrote in your Holocaust Memorials in History , was "proposed by then-president Jimmy Carter to placate Jewish supporters angered by his sale of F-15 fighter planes to Saudi Arabia."
Literary style described the way that something was written, expressed, or performed.
In the new edition of the book Wilson put this little note following the Shaw preface: “I am gratefully indebted to Mr. Bernard Shaw for the interest he has taken in the book and especially for his most generous action in taking the time from his crowded life to write so magnanimous and stimulating a Preface to it, without which this present cheap edition would not have been published.”
John Bourke writes about an ancient custom in Mexico still used in the late nineteenth century: a merchant kept a tin cylinder for each customer, and after each purchase he’d drop a bean into it.
Noting that Communist Party leader Armando Cossutta was seeking a meeting with Milosevic and that another coalition party was calling on the government to distance itself from NATO "while Italy is at war and its airmen running the risk of being shot down," Sergio Romano wrote in a front-page comment, "I have tried to find a precedent that would allow me to justify these initiatives and the prime minister's silence, but I cannot find one."
Mincing words even less, Pat Buchanan wrote in his syndicated column that congressional Dixiecrats did a far better job of running Washington in the 1950s.
There has been a lot of sociological literature written about the formation of gangs in prisons as a means of surviving incarceration in the United States.
If Bush wrote any of this, it must have been as <b>part</b> of his application to Andover.
This is a reminder that by 1798, when Northanger Abbey was written, the Gothic fashion had embraced architecture.
I have written to him a couple of times over the last few years and have received no response.
Thomas Jefferson Farnham, a New England attorney, wrote in the 1840s, “In a word, the Californians are an imbecile, pusillanimous, race of men, and unfit to control the destinies of that beautiful country” (Weber, 295).
"There is a fundamental contradiction in American foreign policy," he wrote.
Although Bourke was first and foremost a military man, he became interested in ethnology and anthropology and <b>wrote</b> extensively on these subjects.
And the LAT op-ed page runs the piece he wrote right afterwards to mend the fences with the fans, in which he advances the same "if movie stars can get it, why can't I" arguments you hear today.
Although written references to its use in this way have not been found, there are references to the French eating small loaves of white bread in corridos.
Also in Corriere , columnist Ennio Caretto wrote: "The facts have proved that, among many wrong personal choices made by Clinton, Hillary was the right one.
The “evil to be remedied by this [equal protection] clause,” the Court writes, was “the existence of laws in the States where the newly emancipated Negroes resided, which discriminated with gross injustice and hardship against them as a class.”
Today's mobsters, too, are fluent in psychobabble and in the language of self-improvement, and Chase, of course, captures this beautifully (I will disagree with you on one thing at the outset: the writing on The Sopranos is better than the acting, not that there's anything really wrong with the acting.)
And in 1995, the woman wrote a very personal letter (the Times calls it an "ideological come-on") to a Communist in the post-apartheid South African government indicating her availability to continue the old struggle.
Many are very old and the authors unknown, although a few collected in southern Colorado were written by a local singer in the 1940s.
It's better to write about real life, that's more important than <b>writing</b> something fanciful.
For the 40 volume Schomburg Library of Nineteenth-Century Black Women Writers he edited, he appointed others to put together the books and write their introductions.
Octavio Paz writes of La Malinche as the “violated woman,” La Chingada, and his writings have influenced several generations of Mexicanos and Chicanos in seeing the Mexican <b>people</b> as “hijos de la chingada,” that is, “sons of a conquest by rape.”
Another good example of the life of a bato loco is “La Vida de un Bato Loco,” a short memoir written by an informant of Linda Katz, reproduced in her thesis on the pachuco language and culture <b>written</b> for a master’s degree at the University of California, Los Angeles.
What kind of person would write a question about race and then get all shirty on <b>people</b> who were just trying to have a little fun?
He writes of La Llorona and Joaquín Murrieta, and of Tiburcio Vásquez, who once gave food to his grandmother and mother when they were fleeing from the gringos in Los Angeles.
This bill was lost in the legislative shuffle, however, and, as of this writing (October 25, 1988), has yet to be passed in spite of having been reintroduced in 1987 and 1988.
Charles E. B. Howe wrote a play about Joaquín in 1859 that covers his escapades from the spring of 1851 to July 24, 1853, the day he was captured and killed by Captain Harry Love.
Since these cues are so rudimentary, ambiguity pervades written sentences--sentences in isolation, that is--and the transition to a spoken version can therefore be a hazardous procedure.
Malinche has played an enormous role in the literary production of Chicana writing, in essays and short stories, but especially in poetry.
I can at least partly save the movie from being wrecked by Herzog's bungling," writes Kinski.
For example, Durand and Massey have compiled and written about the many retablos to the Virgen de San Juan de los Lagos in Mexico.
An anti-terrorism task force had been put on the case, but a note <b>written</b> by the gunman seems to confirm police suspicions that he was deranged and acted alone.
She went on to write Mexican Village, a novel that incorporated many of the Mexican <b>people</b>’s folk customs and traditions.
Dickens was decent in the way he wrote about <b>people</b>, and he recommended decency as a universal salve.
Thomas Sheridan has written a social history of the Mexican <b>people</b> of Tucson from 1854 to 1941, thoughtfully showing the social and cultural changes that occurred to the Tucsonenses after the coming of the Anglo Americans.
In the "Dialogue" on Gay Marriage, David Frum writes that "[c]hildren raised without both biological parents are between two and three times as likely as other children to commit crimes, to drop out of school, to get pregnant in their teens, to be unemployed as young adults."
He works himself into a fake froth; does some calculated, halfhearted gonzo writing; then collects a fat check.
The Illegal, written and directed by Robert Young in 1979, deals with the issue of undocumented immigration by portraying the experiences of one man’s journey into the United States and back to Mexico.
Hatfield writes that he contacted these sources after reading a story in Salon in August reporting on an e-mail rumor.
John Rollin Ridge, a Cherokee also known as Yellow Bird, wrote his story one year after the death of Murrieta.
I recommend it for those (as the book's cover observes): “—who want to speak more effectively, write more colorfully or be better prepared for the SAT” (the verbal portion of the Scholastic Aptitude Test, a widely used instrument for university admission).
Rabbi Jeremiah explained the reference: Ever since the Torah was given at Mount Sinai, “we pay no attention to heavenly voices, for God already wrote in the Torah at Mount Sinai.”
In arty circles, he's famous as the highbrow exhibitionist who wrote and starred in My Dinner With Andre , but there's more to Shawn than grandiose nerd angst.
The economy of Homo habilis and Homo erectus, the stunning flaked flint tools of the Magdalinian culture of the magnificent Cro-Magnon in southern France , years ago when the large beasts had retreated southward from the glaciation, the invention and spread of writing in Mesopotamia, the <b>Greek</b> agora, and today’s global economy are all in the deepest sense merely the carrying on of the more diversified forms of trade that had their origins with the first autonomous agents and their communities over four billion years ago.
(I think that I wrote you about the conversation among, Fukuyama, Adam Wolfe, Norman Podhoretz, and others.)
Since each state has a unique successor state, we can write a table of all the states and for each, its unique successor.
The most serious result of the proliferation of this comparatively restricted vocabulary is the impoverishment of writing.
He served with General George Crook from 1871 to 1886, and in 1891 wrote a well-received book titled On the Border with Crook.
The Museum of American Folk Art did sponsor a reading of passages from the written version of Vivian Girls . Still, it's a pity there's none of Darger's writing in the exhibition itself, because it's marvelous, strange stuff, quite as startling as the paintings--in dizzying magnitude as well as vividness, since in the <b>written</b> version, Darger's gory battle scenes extend for hundreds of pages.
Female Chicana prisoners also undergo the pinta experience, and one scholar, Letticia Galindo, has written about the specialized language use and street experiences of pachucas, cholas, gang members, and female prison inmates.
I wrote to Jimmy Carter in August 1980, asking this question.
The clip cleverly gives the impression that Morales is actually saying what's written on screen and sourced to a local paper: that he opposes longer sentences as a deterrent against crime.
Form of written consent, 42 C.F.R.
It turns out, as Mayer wrote in The New Yorker this week, that her source on the robbery incident was Tripp's former stepmother--who has since agreed to go on the record.
Written informed consent is obtained for every study subject.
Renoir went so far as to write a manifesto in 1884 for a society of "Irregularists"--to include such sworn enemies of mechanical perfection as "painters, decorators, architects, goldsmiths, embroiderers, etc."--but he couldn't muster enough fellow members.
Later, regarding the Healtheon IPO, Lewis writes, "In this new world skepticism was not a sign of intelligence.
This dictionary lists alternatives for many of these expressions, not so that they can be removed from the language, but so that you can attempt to balance your writing and speaking with both female and male images or use alternatives when gender-fairness is not possible.
Here are some of things my students find: You look at writing differently if you have to prepare the surface.
As Lewis Carroll wrote, Won't you join the dance?
OMB's 1996 update to Circular A-130, Appendix III, provides similar guidance, specifying that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system. "
This is by way of pointing out that Mormon was the name of the major editor of the book, and it was named after him, although he did not write the whole book.
Sixteen (16) conference papers were written by legal services leaders across the country on topics that enhanced and enlightened the conference discussions.
Clinton reportedly wants 1) to testify at the White House, not at the courthouse; 2) to limit the scope of the questions; 3) to see the questions in advance; 4) to answer in writing rather than orally; 5) to have his lawyer present.
Writing in Clipper Magazine , the Pan-Am house organ, Barbara Gibbons recounts her experience in drinking slivovitz during a recent trip to Yugoslavia: “A fiery plum brandy, its alcohol content ranges from 25 per cent ( mekana, soft) to 55 per cent ( ljuta , hot).
As with any area of operations, written policies are the primary mechanism by which management communicates its views and requirements to its employees, clients, and business partners.
On the principle that we will want our next president to be everything this one is not, she writes, "After President McMurphy, we will want Nurse Ratched."
It was on one of its highest peaks, Mount Sinai (Gebel Musa), that Moses received the word of God written down as the Ten Commandments.
Instead of writing this book--and book-writing is surely a job for sissies--he should have gone out and beat someone up or sold drugs.
I am writing this from my laptop computer in my hospital bed where I wait for my time to come.
With Due Respect and Humanity, I was compelled to write to you under a humanitarian ground.
I am writing this message to you today because my husband Dave passed away on December 17 2009.
I wrote a mail letter to the address that was giving to me and my case was seriously taken dealt of at their office.
Incase, you do not have any idea on how to report your case to them, all you need to do is to write a letter mail on how you got scammed with your
I ma writing to you because i am hoping that you might provide me with some expertise or knowledge about my topic.
In addition to writing a research paper, i will be making an exhibition in front of a panel of judges that will demonstrate a connection to the real world.
I write to inform you that we have already sent you USD5000.00 dollars through Western union as we have been given the mandate to transfer your full compensation payment of USD1.800,000.00 via western union by this government.
Doctors David C. Miller and Lovera Wolf Miller understand this and it is a primary reason they wrote Womenopause: Stop Pausing and Start Living (O-Books) – an exceptional book that acts as an informative yet compassionate guide through menopause.
Womenopause was written to help the over six thousand women reaching menopause in America every single day, and Drs.
I'm writing this note to you as a show of support to you during your dire times.
In preparation, I read In Love and War, the book he and his wife wrote to chronicle their experiences those 8 years.
I’ve somehow managed to write 225 ficlets, to me it’s amazing.
To thoses of you that have written 3, 4 and 500 ficlets or more it’s small potatoes.
The Challenge is to write a sequel to another writers ficlet.
Then write your entry using those tags somewhere in the story.
I began writing about when Paige came into my life, and she helped, writing down her own memories.
I began writing about when Paige came into my life, and she helped, writing down her own memories.
Before I knew it, we had written a book.
Sure, I may have written most of it, but Paige was the reason why it was fully completed, and why it’s sitting in store windows.
The story of Eros and Psyche is said to be the first fairy tell ever written, and most definetly the sweetest.
The story of Eros and Psyche is said to be the first fairy tell ever written, and most definetly the sweetest.
Karon was still writing down notes, scratching the pencil heavily in the notebook.
I went online and first checked if my favorite ficlet author wrote a sequel to his story.
One girl will develop a workable thesis and write her way out of lost time...
Reading a really good book, and then writing your own.
What exactly was Tom writing about her?
In its letter, which was signed by all six members, the panel wrote that it was "troubled by incongruities, inconsistencies and conflicts, particularly concerning actions taken by you which were or could have been of potential benefit to Chang.
During that time, the panel said, Torricelli and members of his Senate staff took a series of actions to help Chang, contacting U.S. government officials, writing letters to foreign government officials and bringing Chang or his business representatives into meetings with foreign officials.
Continuation of a personal and official relationship with Mr. Chang under circumstances where you knew that he was attempting to ingratiate himself, in part through a pattern of attempts to provide you and those around you with gifts over a period of several years when you and your Senate Office were taking official actions of benefit to Mr. Chang (contacting United States Government officials, writing letters to foreign government officials and involving Mr. Chang of his representatives in situations where you were meeting with officials of foreign governments) evidenced poor judgment.
Justice James R. Zazzali and Justice Virginia Long said in a separate opinion that in addition to the reasons given in the majority opinion, also written by Zazzali, they believed the death penalty would constitute cruel and unusual punishment because of Nelson's history of emotional disturbance.
While all five members of the majority found the instructions to the jury on weighing aggravating and mitigating factors to be confusing, two of those justices wrote in a partial dissent that the prosecutor's statements in his summation about the defense's expert witnesses were within the bounds of acceptable argument.
Ibrahim might never have been tried had he not written an article taking note of Mubarak's efforts to create a presidential dynasty.
The Bush bill, as written, is not the way to get there.
Also, if your suggestion is a proposed addition, please write out the exact language you would propose we incorporate into the testimony and where you would place the addition.
On Tue, 28 Nov 2000 Shirley.Crenshaw@enron.com wrote:
On Tue, 28 Nov 2000 Shirley.Crenshaw@enron.com wrote:
I am writing to ask you to help my associate, Krishnarao Pinnamaneni, who faces a very difficult personal situation.
I am sure that Ken Lay would have no objections to write a letter on his behalf to the State Department.
Finally, I am attaching the recommendation to HBS that you wrote in 1981.
In response to one Moore detractor, McCollum wrote: "Although other units of Lockheed Martin Corporation elsewhere in the country produce weapons to support the defense of the U.S., we make no weapons at the Littleton-area facility Moore visited."
Concerning the Georgetown Hoya interview where Heston was asked about Rolland, you write: "There is no indication that [Heston] recognized Kayla Rolland's case."
You write: "Having created the desired impression, Moore follows with his Heston interview."
You write: "Fact: The little boy was the class thug, already suspended from school for stabbing another kid with a pencil, and had fought with Kayla the day before".
You write: Bowling shows Moore casually buying ammunition at an Ontario Walmart.
You write: "Bowling for Columbine is dishonest.
Granted, the likelihood that I'm suffering from the identitarian equivalent of presentism is awfully high, but I honestly thought I'd written some of the posts from early 2009 in 2006 or so.
The fact that at some point in the future I can know who I rode in an elevator with on 28 December 2005 is less weird because I chose to write about riding in an elevator with Grimace .
That is why I have written to you -- to ask you to support the ASPCA today.
A financial report is available from the Office of the Attorney General by writing the Charities Bureau, 120 Broadway New York, NY 10271.
AutoPay EFT Payments Skip writing checks and have your payment made electronically from your bank account each month.
This remains true even with one of his last compositions, the Concerto for Orchestra, written two years before his death in 1943.
Robert Sack wrote a delightful paper [PDF] on jet lag, by the way, which is where I'm getting much of my information.
It's strange how one can write delightedly of the happier moments of life, forgetting the things that one would forget by remembering fully the things one would remember, and suddenly the forgotten, in revenge, rears up to savage the unwary.
So it was as I wrote the preceding.
I must also write about Emiliano Gabriel Malaquez.
I do not plan to write a book: this narrative must move more quickly.
"You could write a play about someone like him."
Add this to the reasons I write now: to remember something, perhaps even to learn -- 
I stopped writing, and only the thought that I might miss the mindwipe kept me from another spree.
I had not considered that I might not write to learn, but to punish myself.
The New York Times correspondent wrote that his friend Mitch's $1,900 home "had already been stripped of its appliances and wiring ...
he time of our appointment to this independent panel, much had already been written and said about the crisis. Yet all 
And what's worse, the wholesalers knew this when they wrote this.
in other words, discrimination is ok as long as the discrimination is written into the state's alcohol beverage distribution laws.
We know this because states have written laws that have gone unchallenged that require I.D. Checks to be made at the point of delivery of the wine.

Frank Sinatra, Wayne Newton, and Louis Prima each arrived with mediocre status and suddenly found themselves with names as big as the marquees on which they were written.
In his book The Symposium, Plato wrote “Those who are halves of a man whole pursue males, and being slices, so to speak, of the male, love men throughout their boyhood, and take pleasure in physical contact with men” (qtd.
Even Homer wrote about Achilles and Patroclus, who have been considered to be the perfect model of true love (Emond).
In 1935, he furthered his claims when he wrote a now famous “Letter to an American Mother” of a homosexual, which stated that “Homosexuality is assuredly no advantage, but is nothing to be ashamed of, no vice, no degradation, it cannot be classified as an illness… Many highly respectable individuals of ancient and modern times have been homosexuals” (qtd.
This seems to be the most likely explanation as of now, but even as I write this, new studies are being done.
Dear Ms. LastName I wanted to personally write you and give you our 2001 Collectible Calendar and talk about animals in danger - a cause we both care deeply about.
Be sure to write me back to let me know your 2001 Calendar has arrived m good order.
And please use the enclosed 2001 Calendar Reply when writing me back.

I've written about Urbino before , but because the wife is providing me with such dazzling photographs of the city, I feel compelled to do so again.
I can't read, I can't write - and they won't let me talk!
Christy Murphy) The pen is mightier than the sword, and considerably easier to write with.
At this point, the student produced a copy of the four hundred year old Laws of Cambridge, written in Latin and still nominally in effect, and pointed to the section which read (roughly translated): "Gentlemen sitting examinations may request and require Cakes and Ale.
Pepsi and hamburgers were judged the modern equivalent, and the student sat there, writing his examination and happily slurping away.
Dear Sir I am writing in response to your request for additional information in Block 3 of the accident report form.
write to these men?
New Commandments The following statements about the Bible were written by children and have not been retouched or corrected.
Dear Sir, I am writing to thank you for bouncing the cheque with which I endeavoured to pay my plumber last month.
And written underneath was, "The last few are pretty risky, too....
One book was the Bible; the other was a book written by Darwin.
A backwards poet writes inverse.
Bad Landing An airline pilot wrote that on this particular flight he had hammered his ship into the runway really hard.
She calmly writes down his order and walks into the kitchen where all hell breaks loose!
If Webster wrote the first dictionary, where did he find the words?
A young girl who was writing a paper for school came to her father and asked, "Dad, what is the difference between anger and exasperation?
Copyright Explained When you write copy you have the right to copyright the copy you write, if the copy is right.
Copyright Explained When you write copy you have the right to copyright the copy you write, if the copy is right.
If you write religious services you write rite, and have the right to copyright the rite you write.
If you write religious services you write rite, and have the right to copyright the rite you write.
If you write religious services you write rite, and have the right to copyright the rite you write.
Very conservative people write right copy, and have the right to copyright the right copy they write.
A right wing cleric would write right rite, and has the right to copyright the right rite he has the right to write.
A right wing cleric would write right rite, and has the right to copyright the right rite he has the right to write.
Should Mr Wright decide to write right rite, then Wright would write right rite, which Wright has the right to copyright.
Should Mr Wright decide to write right rite, then Wright would write right rite, which Wright has the right to copyright.
Writing carefully, dangling participles must be avoided.
 can not only not imagine a person whose decision to write would be governed by such a thing, I cannot imagine a European who would come to America to copyright his work for such a reason. Ind
 is the way the Statute of Anne was written. Thi
 is the way the State copyright laws were written when this country became a Nation. Thi
If anyone finds the above paragraph startling, you're welcome to write to me for clarification.
Rick Troth writes: > Plain text is defined differently from system to system.
Laurence Lundblade writes:
And I hope that saying that my language is French will make the ideas in a difficult to write text even more convincing, despite being short.
If you write anything you want me to read, please make a personal reply and allow for two weeks before I can read it.
>Tom Stephens writes:
On Friday 4/19, at 8:24 PM, Tom Stephens wrote:
>On Friday 4/19, at 8:24 PM, Tom Stephens wrote:
Between =-=-=-= lines I'll include a piece I wrote about that in relation to the Elsevier Science DTD's.
Neil explained that this makes it much easier to write the line breaking algorithm.
I certainly support the use of ISO TR 9573 entity names for mathematical and technical symbols, as I have written earlier.
Ron Whitney writes:
To get what you probably wanted, you would need to write {&bold +} 2
In her essay analyzing the noir film from a feminist perspective, Christine Gledhill writes “Not only is the hero frequently not sure whether the woman is honest or a deceiver, but the heroine’s characterisation is itself fractured so that it is not evident to the audience whether she fills the [femme fatale] stereotype or not”.
She writes, “the final ‘lesson’ of the myth often fades into the background and we retain the image of the erotic, strong, unrepressed (if destructive) woman.”
Here, let me write down how to find him.”
Karnes was Tibbets' adjutant, the man in charge of writing the orders and cajoling the transfer to the unit of servicemen proficient in bombing, mechanics, ordnance, engineering and communications.
Arnold told Karnes, "Tibbets is going to be landing in three to four hours, and I want to give him the Distinguished Service Cross, and it is your job to write up the explanation."
“For the serious architect the past exists not as a legacy to be possessed through a self-conscious act of the ‘modern’ will,” writes Roger Scruton in The Aesthetics of Architecture, “but as an enduring fact, an ineliminable part of an extended present.”
A stilus was the sharp-pointed tool used to write on wax tablets and, by inference, stilus also referred to the way that something was written.
A stilus was the sharp-pointed tool used to write on wax tablets and, by inference, stilus also referred to the way that something was written.
Literary style described the way that something was written, expressed, or performed.
“The aesthetic understanding [of architecture],” writes Roger Scruton, “is inseparable from a sense of detail.”
“To be truly modern,” he writes, “means finding the dynamic balance between eternal human values and the specific demands of the present.
Of his Presbyterian Hospital in downtown Manhattan, the architectural critic Montgomery Schuyler wrote: “The building is of Gothic design with very red brick, and very irregular stone dressings, which, it must be confessed regretfully, are not pleasing to the eye.”
You undoubtedly write much better and could have a real serious article with awesome non-blurry pictures taken by a person who actually can get the timer to work for a goddamn change.
In the vividly told book, Ms. Seltzer wrote about her African-American foster brothers, Terrell and Taye, who joined the Bloods gang when they were 11 and 13.
Perhaps this will be more saleable, he thought and began to write.
"Before that blasted impulse came over me and I started writing like Edgar Poe – though the most recent was not so morbid as my many others, thank Heaven."
"If only you would restrain this morbid impulse of yours, you might write something really worth reading.
"So instead, you would write – what?"
I want to write as others do: a tale, set in our real world, of characters who might live therein, not citizens of some airy demesne beyond the stars!"
"Why is that more desirable than what you write today?"
"Why do you write?"
Since you seem unable to write 'normally,' why not embrace your tales as they are, leave behind the one unhappiness in the art you admit is a source of pleasure?
"Could you write decent tales with that willow at your window?"
A tree forced you to write this, my dear Mr. Clemm?
"It's the best story you've ever written."
His thoughts were not of the act's futility, nor even of the nights spent tormented by the twisted thing; instead, all that filled his mind was the tree's constant presence in his life, growing with him and beside him, its persistent reminders that he had higher, truer things to write, the simple beauty of the great black tree for its own sake.
He considered Arthur's intervention; considered that it might be better to accept the fog and continue as his lifelong friend had suggested, to write stories that others would read; for after all, what purpose writing if not to be read?
He considered Arthur's intervention; considered that it might be better to accept the fog and continue as his lifelong friend had suggested, to write stories that others would read; for after all, what purpose writing if not to be read?
And without that torturous willow, he might be free to write whatever he saw fit.
just setting up my twttr tm help Wondering if I should quit work and become a monk who secretly writes serial murder thriller novels.
is wondering how the hell she's going to write a 10-page paper on text messaging...



Reading: Community superbug a growing menace at News-Medical.Net - url Leif Pettersen is from Minneapolis but travels to Europe every year.He wrote the Lonely Planet Guide for Romania..
Writing songs.x spinning twitter Signing up for twitter practicing on the guitar adding twitter to my facebook watching TV, making dinner...

setting down to write my annual gigantic birthday post.

Browsing: Christine Vachon - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia url Browsing: Dirty Laundry (2007) url writing a business plan, under the defining sound of god/dess laughing uproariously Reading: The Long Tail: Are dead-tree magazines good or bad for the climate?
Part II of Reston Hospital Center CNO, Cindy Glover, discussing the journey to Magnet Status - url writing an article on Agresso excelerator a ERP report writing tool for www.AgressoConsultant.com passed my night 40-acre air sent test with zooey last night.
I started in finance and ended up in fashion~Vintage Retro Chic fashion that is, thanks for the follow Obama's Conversation Starter: National Journal.com's Amy Harder wrote an interesting profile of Joe Rospars who ..

Written by admin on April 14th,..
Do you believe in miracles?
"I just wanted to write thank you for making a system which really works.
Notice what write our delighted customers:
Have a look at what our customers write!
Local legend claims that he wrote part of his great saga, Os Lusíadas, in what is now called the Camões Grotto, situated in the spacious tropical Camões Garden.
And why I’m writing you today to ask you to renew your support for the pivotal year ahead.
And to make health care more affordable, allow business associations like the National Federal of Independent Business or the Chamber of Commerce or the National Restaurant Association to write association plans across jurisdictional lines so that small businesses have got the capacity to have national pooling to drive the cost of insurance down.
The book you mentioned that Vice President Gore wrote, he also called for taxing -- big energy taxes in order to clean up the environment.
In my faith tradition, it is -- it's written in the book of Matthew, "Where your heart is, there is your treasure also."
I've actually passed 56 individual bills that I've personally written and, in addition to that, and not always under my name, there is amendments on certain bills.
But more importantly, with respect to the question of no record, I helped write -- I did write, I was one of the original authors of the early childhood health care and the expansion of health care that we did in the middle of the 1990s.
But more importantly, with respect to the question of no record, I helped write -- I did write, I was one of the original authors of the early childhood health care and the expansion of health care that we did in the middle of the 1990s.
But in return for extra spending, we now want people to measure -- states and local jurisdictions to measure to show us whether or not a child can read or write or add and subtract. "
That's the access I believe is necessary, is to make sure every child learns to read, write, add and subtract early, to be able to build on that education by going to college so they can start their careers with a college diploma.
I can write my name on the deposit slip.
I often wonder when a really great fictional book will be written about this era (probably decades and decades hence as it is too close).
Clarke has written that on the evening of September 12, President Bush told him and some of his staff to explore possible Iraqi links to 9/11.
73 The next day, Wolfowitz renewed the argument, writing to Rumsfeld about the interest of Yousef 's co-conspirator in the 1995 Manila air plot in crashing an explosives-laden plane into CIA headquarters, and about information from a foreign government regarding Iraqis' involvement in the attempted hijacking of a Gulf Air flight.
And he told me I would have to write this paper.
Well I didn't like writing at the time but I took it upon myself to go ahead and <b>write</b> a paper.
And the stories that they write predominantly are municipal stories.
And at the time when you wrote the original order and you used the words "perceived, saw, and heard," we were concerned, as you well know, with the word "perceived" in terms as to what's the thought process.
But I was as clear as I could possibly be that what is at issue here would be, for example, the particular events that the reporters wrote about and questions such as -- simple questions, did they attend the meeting, did they hear them say the comments, did they <b>write</b> the story immediately after, did they take notes at the time of the meeting.
All I'm doing is adding something to what it is that you basically have already written.
How long after the meeting did they write their article, did they use the tape recorder, did they use notes as it related to that statement.
Did you write letters to the editor about what the school board was doing?
I wrote a letter to the editor -- I believe it was actually <b>written</b> before I attended the board meeting, but it wasn't published until after that June 14th board meeting.
It looks to me to be a copy of a letter to the editor that I wrote.
She wrote the letter.
So there's no question then that this represents a letter written by Ms. Geesey to the York Daily Record.
' ” In Bleak House (Chapter XXIV) Dickens may cause some readers to blush when he wrote of Mr. George's blush that “He reddened a little through his brown.”
Yiddish is written in the characters of the Hebrew alphabet and from right to left and enjoys borrowing words from Russian, Polish, English, and all the other languages and countries along the routes that Jews have traveled during the past thousand years.
As the pyramids were already about 2500 years old when Diodorus wrote his World History , one is given to wonder what his authority might have been for such a vivid description.
Citing a Judaic law-book of the 16th century which identified a woman for the days preceding, during, and following her period as niddah `impure,' Miles has the lack of taste to write the following:.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is <b>written</b> (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is <b>written</b> in Hebrew characters; Latin, <b>Greek</b>, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were <b>written</b> in cuneiform, quite suitable for <b>writing</b> on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is <b>written</b> (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is <b>written</b> in Hebrew characters; Latin, <b>Greek</b>, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were <b>written</b> in cuneiform, quite suitable for <b>writing</b> on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
On it was written this sentence: “Please make me go to the bathroom.”
Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays, his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world; that places more than one uncommon burden on a writer: he must do his utmost to be accurate; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers; and he must write well.
Those familiar with Safire's editorial style, reflected in his political columns on the editorial pages of The N. Y. Times , may agree with me in the contention that when he writes about language he seems to be <b>writing</b> on his day off: I cannot put my finger on why, but “On Language” always strikes me as an excruciating effort to be cute.
While I acknowledge that it is not easy to know how to sort out the many topics to be covered in a usage book, most reasonable writers have taken a stab at writing an entry under a heading that seems a likely place to look, then have provided a detailed index.
Much has been written about these riots from both literary and historical perspectives.
María de Agredo lived in a convent and wrote several books, including one with the title The Mystic City of God.
I can write my name on the deposit slip.
Almost all publications on Chicanos and Mexicanos up to that date had been written by Anglo American sociologists or anthropologists, and the few published Hispano scholars, such as Aurelio Espinosa and Arthur Campa, were only known within a narrow circle of folklore specialists.
My purpose in writing to you is twofold.
If one placa is written over by the placa of another gang, it is accepted as a challenge to a confrontation.
Bunraku’s heyday was the beginning of the 18th century, when playwright Monzaemon Chikamatsu wrote works specifically for the puppets that are regarded as among the greatest achievements of Japanese literature.
Because we believe everyone in our community should have an opportunity to learn to read and write, we are asking you to help by sending your contribution to Indy Reads today.
A specter is haunting Europe,” Karl Marx and Frederick Engels wrote in 1848, as the first sentence of The Communist Manifesto.
Thus developed the katakana system used as a vehicle for writing Buddhist names and concepts.
I'm writing to you as one of our strongest supporters asking for a gift of $100.
In his autobiography, Barrio Boy, Ernesto Galarza writes about the pochos he found in Sacramento, California, in the second decade of the twentieth century: “They had learned to speak English of sorts and could still speak Spanish, also of sorts.
Irishman Samuel Beckett happily wrote plays in French.
In writing our invitations for this years century Club reception we noticed that you did not renew your membership for 1989.
The layout and organizational aesthetics of Chicano yardas are unique enough that folklorists and cultural geographers have written about them.
I'm writing to tell you about an investment opportunity.
A few sentences written on the retablo express the favor granted, starting with the words “Doy gracias” or “Doy infinitas gracias a la Santisima Virgen de San Juan de los Lagos” (I give thanks, I give infinite thanks to the most holy Virgin of San Juan of the Lakes) and the reason for the retablo is <b>written</b> out, with the location and date added at the end.
On the outskirts of town, on or near Route 2A are: Emerson House, which is full of Ralph’s memorabilia; the enchanting Orchard House, owned by the Alcotts (including Louisa, who wrote Little Women here); and the Wayside, which was home to both the Alcotts and Nathaniel Hawthorne.
He writes, "Receiving the Challenger Scholarship was a great honor and continues to be a source of inspiration to me as I work toward my doctorate degree.
Two law reviews provide opportunities for research and writing, as well as a forum for articles of state, national, and international interest
The Mexican intellectual José Vasconcelos wrote a book in 1925 titled La Raza Cósmica: Misión de la Raza Iberoamericana.
•1312Dante writes Inferno
I am writing to ask for your direct assistance in educating a child.
I write in this chapter of religious ideas and their value in understanding our legal experience.
Also exhibited are examples of Linear B type, which was deciphered in 1952 and is of Mycenaean origin — showing that by the time the tablet was written the Minoans had lost control of the major cities.
If any of us at the dental school can be of assistance, please write or call.
Griffith writes about the foods of the region, folk art, yard shrines, cascarones (decorated eggshells), religious practices, and the various musical traditions.
On the wall is his epitaph, written by himself.
That's why I'm writing to you and asking for your help in this year's Annual Fund.
And he told me I would have to write this paper.
Why am I writing today to ask you to support Purdue University?
The purpose of the publication, McKim wrote, was to document in sketches and photographs, “the beautiful, quaint, and picturesque features which belong to so many buildings, now almost disregarded, of our Colonial and Revolutionary Period.”
He served as lieutenant-governor in Java and Sumatra, during which time he wrote a History of Java.
I am writing in regards to our alma mater, Cathedral High School and her Annual Fund Drive.
Although there have been many publications about the santeros (saint makers), wood-carvers, tinsmiths, and other male artists, very little has been written about the work accomplished by women.
Concord’s literary heritage is rich indeed, for it was the cradle of Transcendentalism and the place where Nathaniel Hawthorne, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Louisa May Alcott, and Henry David Thoreau all wrote.
This is why the Indiana University Center on Philanthropy was founded and why I am writing to seek you support of our mission today.
Should we look to the people who <b>wrote</b> the document, to the majority who voted for it, to the states who ratified it, or to the “<b>people</b>” as a whole for whom these various democratic agents acted?
A provision written into the bride’s dowry granted special favors to British settlers on Madeira; had Charles been more aggressive still, perhaps the Portuguese would have agreed to hand over the <b>island</b> to Britain in its entirety.
In 1729 Benjamin Franklin said a journalist ought to be qualified with an extensive acquaintance with languages, a great easiness and command of writing and relating things clearly and intelligibly, and, in a few words, he should be able to speak of war both by land and sea, be well acquainted with geography, with the history of the time, with the several interests of princes and states, the secrets of courts, and the manners and customs of all nations.
Anne wrote a diary which paints a clear and terrifying picture of the life the family lived.
Arthur Rubel writes about the supportive social environment provided by the palomilla of young coming-of-age Chicanos in the barrio of New Lots in south Texas.
The author Plutarch wrote of fertile lands somewhere off the coast of Africa, where the breezes of springtime never stop.
I am writing to thank you for your past gifts to the IUPUI University Libraries and to ask you to renew that support.
Author 3 (TCG) did the literature search and data abstraction, and contributed to writing the manuscript.
Yet the only interactivity open to me is to write a question to the president, who is being interviewed by Tom Brokaw.
Also known as La Pastorela, the complete title of this folk drama is El Coloquio de los Pastores, and it is written in verse and performed on Christmas Eve.
It is wonderful to be able to write this letter to you as a special friend of the Leukemia Society of America.
He writes, “genealogical information is occasionally added.
There have been countless books, chapters, and articles written about Murrieta or about the legend of this famous Mexican bandito.
Call them toll-free at 800-32-SPORT (within the US only) or at 305-932-0051, or write for information to 19495 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 809, Aventura, Florida 33180, USA.
A few months ago, Carl Newton and I wrote a letter asking you to consider a financial contribution to graduate Endodontics at Indiana University.
Marcel Proust spent many summers at its splendid Grand Hôtel, where he wrote <b>part</b> of his A la Recherche du Temps Perdu.
Now I am writing to ask if you would continue your support with a further donation for 1990.
Some patients wrote on the questionnaire other questions they wanted answered.
Sadi Carnot was a French engineer writing in the 1830s.
I am writing you in the hope of getting your support for this year's United Way campaign.
Merrill (Bob) chose the diminutive deliberately to avoid confusion with Merrill (Robert), though it's hard to see why anyone would think a fellow who makes his living singing Mozart and Verdi would go home at night and write "If I Knew You Were Comin', I'd've Baked a Cake."
Her folkloric work is extremely important because she wrote about women and how their complicated and elaborate daily work so profoundly maintained the culture and traditions of the Hispanos.
In those gardens, the Song of Songs was written by Solomon.
Items include: Coffee Mugs - T-Shirts - Puzzles Caps - Cookbooks - Posters - Cards For more information about these and other items, you may write call, or send us an e-mail.
Author 2 (KFH) contributed to the study design, did the literature search and data abstraction, conducted the analyses, interpreted results and wrote the manuscript.
“The aesthetic understanding [of architecture],” writes Roger Scruton, “is inseparable from a sense of detail.”
After the garden, venture into the hall at the end of the corridor and try your hand with a calligraphy brush along with the Japanese visitors writing traditional prayers to the central Amida Buddha.
I am writing to thank you for contacting Prevent Child Abuse New York and to invite you to continue sharing our mission by <b>becoming</b> a member.
Writing on the LAT opinion page, contributing editor Robert Scheer makes the provocative argument that the quickest way to halt China's belligerence is to simply hand over all our nuclear warhead and ballistics secrets.
Ybarra-Frausto has written a wonderful essay about rasquachismo that shows how Chicanos incorporate this spirit in the cultural life of the community.
Here Picasso, Braque, and Juan Gris developed Cubism, while Modigliani painted his own mysteries and Apollinaire wrote his first surrealistic verses.
I am sure you will understand my writing to you once more about the important work of the American Cancer Society.
In the Oct. 23 "Today's Papers," Scott Shuger writes of a Washington Post piece referring to the "Bubba vote" and notes that "this is a perfect illustration of the truism that there's still one group in this country that 'respectable' <b>people</b>, even (especially?)
The bracero experience has been written about in novels and depicted in numerous movies, and although the image presented is often a negative one, like other Chicano folk heroes the bracero has <b>become</b> an archetype of the culture.
Homer wrote his epic works on Chios; and lyrical poetry was much admired, particularly the work of the poets Archilochos on Paros and Sappho on Lesvos.
SGB wrote the initial draft.
she wrote.
Stephen Austin, in 1822–1823, after a trip to Mexico City wrote, “To be candid the majority of the <b>people</b> of the whole nation as far as I have seen them want nothing but tails to be more brutes than the apes” (Weber, 298).
As if that wasn’t enough, processions paraded with placards emblazoned with MANIPOL (Sukarno’s political manifesto) and DEKON (his economic declaration) written on them, and there were others which condemned NEKOLIM (neo-colonialism and imperialism).
On the chance that my guess is right, I am writing to you today to invite you to <b>become</b> a member of LOGOS-the League Of Greek Orthodox Stewards.
The problem stems in no small part from the fact that--as usual--by the time the manual is <b>written</b>, the programmers are so familiar with the terminology they have been using while <b>writing</b> the programs that they lose sight of the users' ignorance.
Cervantes wrote a play about him in 1615, Comedia Famosa de Pedro de Urdemalas, so we know Pedro de Urdemalas was already a folkloric character in the seventeenth century.
Architect Buscheto didn’t hesitate to write in Latin (in the far left arch) “This marble church has no equal. ”
I am writing to ask for your direct assistance in our education programs and artistic product.
Further we have collaboratively written the manuscript and take public responsibility for it.
It is instead something far more rare: the work of a great master still locked in unequal combat with Eros and Time," says Louis Begley in the New York Times Book Review . "Bellow writes now with as much authority and energy as he did nearly half a century ago" (Jonathan Yardley, the Washington Post ).
In Chinese, the word Ming is written as a composite of the characters for “sun” and “moon,” which are combined to mean “brilliant” or “glorious.”
The account description written in 1971 for the Ralph E. McDonald/Pedodontic Fund states "Expenditures of the fund shall be approved by the fund committee of six.
PP helped in planning the study, collecting the data and writing the manuscript.
However, Kinsley long ago confessed in the New Republic's "TRB" column that he "experimented with marijuana in the distant past," and wrote, "I deeply regret this youthful indiscretion."
The Shaw Birthplace Museum (see page 66), 33 Synge Street, is marked by a plaque written by the great man himself.
Please write one of the above account numbers on the face of your check to be very sure that your $$ stay in the WOST family.
The bUSM recursion is then written as
The New York Times ' Anthony Lewis, an anti-impeachment stalwart, endorses the expert judgment of John F. Kennedy, who wrote in Profiles in Courage (1956) that Ross' "heroic" vote "may well have preserved ...
A stilus was the sharp-pointed tool used to write on wax tablets and, by inference, stilus also referred to the way that something was <b>written</b>.
When I last wrote to you about the Ralph E. McDonald/Pedodontic Fund, it was with the news that expenditures were greater than contributions for 1992.
Most of what I shall write in this chapter reflects my conversations and work with Lee and his colleagues, who have been wonderfully welcoming to this biologist.
A contemporary film composer, Zbigniew Preisner, who wrote the scores for the Polish director Krzysztof Kie§lowski’s films, including The Double Life of Veronika, Dekalogue, and the Three Colors trilogy: Red, White, and Blue, is worth seeking out.
And that's why I'm writing to you today.
Many of the most popular heroic and tragic dramas were written by Osaka’s own Monzaemon Chikamatsu (1653–1724), the playwright the Japanese claim as their own Shakespeare.
I've enclosed letters they, and some of their teachers, have written us.
One company wrote an entire playbook and spent $2,000 on a practice field, and the NEC Corp. pulled its team out of the Tokyo league, citing too many injuries.
The fact that the USS Cole was attacked during the last Administration does not absolve us of responding for the attack," he wrote.
I'm going to break with tradition and write about something I've enjoyed recently about
The other RNA molecules we maintain (5S rRNA, tRNA, and group I and II introns) are not as advanced at the time of this writing.
For example, out of a sampling of 481 Hindi loanwords (that is, I know, an odd number for a sampling of any kind, but it happens to be the number I had carded as of the moment I began writing this article), 167 were borrowed by Hindi from Sanskrit and another four from Pakrit.
Ryder and Weaver have exchanges as stilted as anything in Plan 9 From Outer Space --surprisingly, since Whedon (who wrote Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Toy Story , and did the uncredited rewrite of Speed ) has a pretty good ear.
A program was written in DELPHI to calculate the strength of a branch point.
Siegel clearly wrote this book out of a frustration, which I share, with a general failure to face up to the shortcomings of the policies of the 1960s.
As income inequality in the United States rises--a problem Krugman has written about eloquently--any economy-wide average will of course deviate increasingly from the median, which much more accurately describes the situation of the typical worker.
The introductory essay reminds readers that a similar list compiled a century ago would not have included Edith Wharton, Theodore Dreiser, Jack London, or Willa Cather because all wrote their best work after age 40.
MHA conceived the idea, helped in the analysis of data and participated in writing the manuscript.
The Star 's regular "Star Style" feature is frequently written in a breezily intimate manner that could fool the unsuspecting reader into thinking that the celebs have actually cozied up, pajama-party style, and dished with the Star about their beauty, fashion, and health secrets.
KA supervised development of the guideline and implementation of the program, participation in literature search and writing and editing the manuscript.
"How terrible it is to reach the end of one's life," Monet had written in 1899, after the death of the landscapist Alfred Sisley.
The sequences, as text files, were processed by routines written in SPlus, Version 4.5.
Semans says she wrote that line into the narrative after she had told a lot of <b>people</b>, including her parents, about the spot.
We wrote checklists of merger issues to consider during the merger process and shared model documents developed by other programs.
(This was what I was imagining at the end of the last Moneybox, when I wrote about GM truly <b>becoming</b> an Internet company.)
!) and lame parodies of Xena: Warrior Princess , Rambo ("Roseambo," the episode was titled), and I Dream of Jeannie . TV husband John Goodman, who'd grown sick of the show and Roseanne, was all but written out of the plot.
To circumvent this problem, we split the alignment of Drosophila cDNA and EST sequences into two serial tasks and wrote a utility program, sim4wrap, to manage these tasks.
Written by Linus Torvalds, a Finnish programmer who couldn't afford to buy a commercial operating system, Linux is free, is maintained by a vast network of loyal volunteer programmers, and never crashes.

Writing the Spoken Word
"I mean by a picture," he wrote, "a beautiful romantic dream of something that never was, never will be--in a light better than any light that ever shone--in a land no one can define, or remember, only desire."
As Kershaw writes in the passage quoted by Finkelstein, the Nazi state enjoyed a certain "popular legitimation and basis of plebiscitary acclamation."
If you've got limited resources and you think you can do it, and the court does help, then maybe this is the one thing that you forego in order to pay for something else," said Sally Fox, a former state representative who helped write the legislation to establish Family Courts and who used to be the state director of Family Court operations.
Writing in the Washington Times , Robert Alt contrasted the Roman Catholic belief in transubstantiation, "whereby the bread and wine, while maintaining their ordinary physical qualities, are substantively transformed in the Eucharist into the body, blood, soul and divinity of Jesus Christ," with consubstantiation, the Methodist (and Lutheran) teaching that "the bread and wine and Christ's presence exist simultaneously."
For all three possible unrooted tree topologies maximum-likelihood values and posterior probabilities were calculated using in-house JAVA programs that were written utilizing classes from the Phylogenetic Analysis Library version 1.0 [ 54 ] and <b>parts</b> of Vanilla package version 1.0 [ 54 ] . If not indicated otherwise, likelihood values were estimated using the automatically selected suitable substitution model (chosen from BLOSUM62, CPREV, Dayhoff, JTT, MTREV24, VT and WAG) with no ASRV.
Glassman and Hassett write in to say I have misrepresented their argument.
Besides, Shoemaker writes, Europeans at the time usually described Indians not as red but as "tawny."
By virtue of the MAR assumption in (9), we could also write ψ 
He writes that several years ago he tried to persuade Norman to devise a screenplay about Shakespeare's relationship with the homosexual playwright Christopher Marlowe, whose murder in a tavern in 1593 forms a subplot to Shakespeare in Love . Other scholars are gentler on the film.
CoreGenes is written in JAVA-based programming incorporating the 'setdb' and 'BLASTP' programs from the WU-BLAST package of Washington University, http://BLAST.wustl.edu.
My father was a working man and a collier was he, at six in the morning they turned him down and they turned him up for tea.
When Will writes about baseball, America pays attention.
The next morning I marched into the rival classroom and confidently wrote my new sentence on the blackboard, only to be instantly one-upped by young Monrad, who stepped forward and inscribed:
The primary client-user GUI, written using the Java Swing API, takes the form of a three-panel window in which the user can inspect GO categories and genes.
"How can we proclaim as the goal of American foreign policy the 'expansion of democracy,' " Buchanan wrote, "when democracy is being ditched in D.C.?"
1. The consensus amino acids are written in capital letters.
Besides, he did not write his life story till thirty years after his visit to England, with no more than his memory to rely on when <b>writing</b> a language he had spoken but, very likely, not <b>written</b> before.
Replying to a frustrated colleague in the field, the Bin Ladin unit chief wrote:"having a chance to get [Bin Ladin] three times in 36 hours and foregoing the chance each time has made me a bit angry.
"Clearly," MacGregor wrote in a 1992 exhibition catalog, "Darger was not free."
Software for the implementation of the statistical estimation and testing procedures described above was written in FORTRAN and run on desktop PCs [ 13].
But consider what a younger, sharper-tongued Sontag might have written.
This is in spite of the fact that I taught courses on technology for more than 10 years before I retired and have even written books on the new technology.
RAM was involved in data extraction, quality scoring, analysis and writing.
2. Beneath each consensus amino acid are written in capital letters all variants determined to be positively selected (in descending order of frequency).
Mitchell, currently with NPR and the Fort Worth Star-Telegram , has the perfect sensibility for writing about a steady profusion of disaster movies and romantic comedies.
Some very talented people have brought their knowledge to bear on everyday questions and problems of language in this book: Martin Manser, whose Penguin Wordmaster Dictionary was favorably reviewed here [XIV, 2]; Betty Kirkpatrick, editor of Chambers Twentieth Century Dictionary ; Jonathon Green, compiler of the Thesaurus of Slang, Newspeak , and a Dictionary of Jargon (soon to be reviewed here); and John Silverlight, who <b>writes</b> a language column in The Observer , which I have not seen.
Except, of course, for the part about the lips, which look though you may, you will not find in this book, for I did not <b>write</b> such nonsense.
He was writing a warning, not a prescription.
participated in the design of the study, carried out the immunofluorescence stainings, interpreted the data and wrote the manuscript.
1 stung 2 by 3 what happened, Lederer began 4 trying 5 to write better 6 than Monrad, 7 who fainted.
For example, VBA streamlined its claims process by allowing one employee to handle all aspects of a claim, instead of requiring employees to write referrals and wait for responses from other divisions.
About ten or twelve years ago, when I started traveling in the course of my business (as international business manager for a medical company), I would often look up Schindlers in local phone books and write them to see if we might be related.
Gesang) wrote: “und sie legt' ihm die Hand auf Haupt and sagte die Worte” [`and she laid her hand on his head and spoke the words']: nekrast negibaul geid sum manteflih dnudna mein tedachs . Thus, Garrison Keillor's boy narrator, with his arooaroo halama rama , is simply continuing a universal tradition, hallowed by generations of priests, magicians--and children--through the millennia.
Aleksius Jemadu, a lecturer in international relations at Parahyangan Catholic University in Bandung, Indonesia, wrote that the East Timor militias might target Australian troops, "thus drawing Australia into a conflict much more complicated than it ever expected.
Collocation also eliminated communication barriers, such as the need to write memos or leave voice mail messages
If they're absolutely right, then why didn't they write better separate articles instead?
He explained, for instance, that provisions were being written into the new bylaws that would prohibit LSNY from forcing any bylaw changes for two years.
My skill at writing software, I believe, is God-given.
One especially important higher-level application is computerized physician order entry, in which providers write orders including prescriptions using computers [ 11 ] . Computerization of ordering is important because most actions in health care follow an order; computerizing this process allows provision of real-time decision support to providers, for example implementation of guidelines and critical pathways.
Since art is infinitely various and complex, it's particularly implausible that anyone else would have written Shakespeare's plays.
The Nation , for example, has written extensively against the war.
Dr. Rich contributed to writing the portion of the manuscript that refers to the statistical analytical plan.
Snow wrote his famous essay about the war between the "two cultures," between the essentially literary sensibility that we expect of a card-carrying intellectual and the scientific/mathematical outlook that is arguably the true glory of our civilization.
I'm writing in the voice of a doctor.
Luis Rodriguez has written a wonderful memoir, dedicated to his son, that depicts the crazy life he led in Los Angeles in the 1970s.
Prudie wrote in the column to which you refer, "<b>People</b> of good will cannot begrudge those in genuine need."
Having written Taxi Driver (1976) and Hardcore (1979) and other vigilante pictures in which the underlying motives of the avenger are called into question, Schrader embraced the story of a vigilante who turns out to be dead wrong, driven mad by an increasing sense of his own impotence in a world that has left him behind.
Author 1 conceived the study and participated in writing the paper
The Murrieta legend has also been written by Latinos and Europeans, and Pablo Neruda, the Nobel Prize winner, <b>wrote</b> an opera about Murrieta entitled Splendor and Death of Joaquín Murrieta, insisting that Joaquín was actually Chileno and not Mexican.
2) It's based on a book written by one of Winchell's ghostwriters, who, natch, makes himself the star of the film.
ZX carried out immunofluorescence and EM, analyzed data, made figures and wrote the manuscript.
Written in a sixteen-syllable verse, it is usually printed in eight-syllable lines.
The former president, the article noted, had advised President Reagan, written several books, and made Rolling Stone 's list of "Who's Hot."
The author (1) JRA developed and wrote this report.
But when they wrote their estimates, even in brief papers, they could draw on a deep base of knowledge.
Dr. Berman wrote the first drafts of the paper and the classification.
Clarke later wrote in a memorandum of this conversation that the call had been approved at an interagency meeting and cleared with the CIA.
Both authors wrote, read, and approved the final manuscript.
The manuscript was written by AMF and edited jointly by all authors.
Writing to Rumsfeld on September 17 in a memo headlined "Preventing More Events,"he argued that if there was even a 10 percent chance that Saddam Hussein was behind the 9/11 attack, maximum priority should be placed on eliminating that threat.
All contigs with more than three member ESTs was screened for misassemblies using Consed tools and newly written scripts.
The CIA did not write any analytical assessments of possible hijacking scenarios.
We first write each parameter as
For these methods, we wrote functions to specify details such as the high and low frequency cutoffs with the filter, for example.
Among Professor Rogers' publications are two books on mediation and the law that received Book Prizes in 1987 and 1989, respectively: a text for law students written with Richard A. Salem and a legal treatise <b>written</b> with Craig McEwen.
NAA collected data and participated in manuscript writing
In these early uses of the case study method, evaluators wrote their reports to stand alone.
In order to facilitate the development of sequence analysis applications based on the USM state space, the software library of functions written to calculate the USM coordinates is provided with the web-based implementation (see address above).
Clarke wrote to Berger's deputy on February 10 that the military was then doing targeting work to hit the main camp with cruise missiles and should be in position to strike the following morning.
Clarke wrote Berger on January 11, 2000, that the CIA, the FBI, Justice, and the NSC staff had come to two main conclusions.
Thus, we can write w ( d ) = exp(-α d ) with α = 1 - ν/( L κ- L ). The condition that the fraction of neutral mutants ν/( L κ- L ) is much larger than the total fraction of viable mutants among all possible sequences is crucial for the exponential decay of w ( d ). Consider by contrast the Russian Roulette model by Gavrilets and Gravner [ 40 ] , in which all sequences are randomly assigned a fitness value of either 0 or 1. The total fraction p of viable sequences in this model is equal to the expected fraction of neutral mutants of any sequence with fitness 1, and w ( d ) ≈ p for d > 0 in this model.
In the memo's margin, Berger wrote that before considering action, "I will want more than verified location: we will need, at least, data on pattern of movements to provide some assurance he will remain in place."
DRR participated in the conception, design, and coordination of the study; conducted the computer-related aspects of the study; assisted with the hybridization and fluorescence studies; and wrote <b>parts</b> of the manuscript.
Too many public companies' disclosures are written in legal language and are way too long.
On November 25, Berger and Clarke wrote President Clinton that although the FBI and CIA investigations had not reached a formal conclusion, they believed the investigations would soon conclude that the attack had been carried out by a large cell whose senior members belonged to al Qaeda.
If Bin Ladin actually moved to Iraq, wrote Clarke, his network would be at Saddam Hussein's service, and it would be "virtually impossible" to find him.
GACK was written in Perl.
Financial statement disclosures are difficult to understand, as though written in a "foreign language."
Further, we have collaboratively written the manuscript and take public responsibility for it.
with loving care," says Michael Wilmington in the Chicago Tribune . It's "a wickedly effective thriller," writes the Chicago Sun-Times ' Roger Ebert.
Clearly, David Galef's classics course was done in translation, for had he read in Greek, he would never have <b>written</b> Pandora's Box but Pandora's Wine Jar [The Niceness Principle, XVII , 2].
CCL conceived of the study, participated in its design and coordination, and participated in writing the draft.
He also writes confusing prose.
Then, while waiting for the cooking to finish, I have 55 minutes for myself--to read the paper, write the Great American Novel, or do whatever it is I do with my time.
10," James Madison wrote of "the mischiefs of faction"--taken to be a synonym for, or the worst manifestation of, party.
CR designed the study and wrote the manuscript.
' He never would come right out and say it," Woodward writes.
The manuscript was prepared and written by SKT and AWB.
intend when he wrote or sang the 23rd Psalm?
MBS carried out 95% percent of the data collection, performed the LH assay, and wrote early drafts of the manuscript.
5. Who really wrote the Talking Points?
The German government believes it has obtained the written blueprint for the campaign.
