Because the same general algorithm will be followed for the localization of all three chemical traces, I will provide pseudocode for only one generic subroutine.
After digging to a depth of 100m last year, Russian scientists found traces of copper wiring dating back 1000 years, and came to the conclusion that their ancestors already had a telephone network one thousand years ago.
So as not to be outdone, in the weeks that followed, American scientists dug 200m, and headlines in the US newspapers read: "US scientists have found traces of 2000 year old optical fibres, and have concluded that their ancestors already had advanced high-tech digital telephone 1000 years earlier than the Russians.
Yeats wants to leave his "traces/ On Munster grass and Connemara skies."
They’ve since been joined by Mongols, Aryans, Greeks, Arabs, Turks, Persians, and Afghans, while Dutch, British, Portuguese, and French have also left their traces.
The same effect is seen in Figure 5where the 125 b and 1 kb traces track each other closely but diverge from the other traces in the central region.
The WGS sequence traces corresponding to the region spanned by each BAC in the tiling path were then pooled with the sequence traces generated from that BAC (approximately 1.5× coverage [ 1]) and assembled using phrap.
All traces of an ugly 19th-century attempt to “balance” it with a second tower have been removed.
The shtetl in Belarus that my father left to come to America as a boy, over 100 years ago, certainly bears no traces of my origins--if it still exists.
USA Today puts that story on its front, but leads with an unnamed U.S. intelligence official's claim that soil from around that Sudanese plant hit last week by U.S. cruise missiles contained traces of a chemical used in the making of VX nerve gas.
The traces of water (~200 ppm) in the Martian atmosphere [ 18 ] might also form thin layers of rust on soil particles there, making the surrogate soil system used here even more like the proposed ferrate-enriched soil of Mars.
A volcanic eruption on Martinique prevented these early island-hoppers from staying long; they soon vanished from history, leaving only the scantiest archaeological traces.
With that, Monica exultantly threw the dress down at his feet as the president groaned in ecstasy and release, leaving traces of his love on her dress, a memento of the passion they shared together (Tripp tapes, Pages 124-192; Tripp testimony, Pages 36-43; Lewinsky I, Page 67).
It is possible that a thin coating of ferric hydroxide on the surface of our ferrate crystals might have afforded some protection to the spores from ferrate exposure since small traces of water vapor might still have been present despite our attempt to exclude it.
In particular, no traces of the Zn-ribbon and the AT-hook-like modules, which are conserved in all β' subunits (Fig.
Traces for repeat sequences, including transposable elements, were obtained from Celera Genomics in two sets: one (surrogate traces) with multiple location coordinates in Release 2, and another (800 k traces) with no location coordinates.
You can then follow the traces of the paved road leading from the city to the ancient harbor, now lost beneath the waves.
