They were a barbaric race, and their custody of the area brought about a dark period during which the written word was forgotten and art disappeared.
The sad truth is that most executive teams won't respond that way to these dark days of uncertainty.
Before she stepped inside, she looked into his dark blue eyes, and said goodbye.
Before she stepped inside, she looked into his dark blue eyes, and said goodbye.
Her eyes are rimmed red, with dark bags under them, testifying her exhaustion.
Sometimes it’s difficult to believe, as I look into Drew’s light face, that he was ever that dark, depressed boy who wore nothing but black and listened to the same song over and over again.
She hesitantly handed him the coin, and his dark, empty eyes invited her on the barge.
In a blur a lovely woman with startlingly dark hair took a seat across from Jake.
It was like the sun coming out from behind a dark, gloomy cloud.
A dark, mysterious voice answered him.
I stretched out over my bed, twirling a dark lock of hair on my finger.
His documentary is full of subtle humor, jaw-dropping dialogue and dark contrasts.
Alternatively, a person could wear very dark glasses, as light avoidance could help minimize the problems of light exposure at the wrong time of day or night.
Dear Friend, Think what it would be like to live in a world of dark shapes and shadows where you never know what to expect; to feel afraid to go places, to be hesitant about every step you take.
Second, I was floating in the dark remnants of my broken ship, and any conceivable light sources were not within view; starlight is a distinctly different color and significantly less bright.
Zheng, short and dark and lean, with a very intense gaze.
Furniture (dark wood, expensive, polished, no secret compartments), clothes, leftover tray of half-consumed food from the previous day's lunch, toiletries (complete with miniature bottles of sweet-smelling apricot honey lotion), lightscreen, me.
The climate here can best be described as “changeable” and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark, sunshine to shower, are part of the city’s magic.
Since it was totally dark, all she could see was the blinking wing-tip light.
He's closing them again when he notices that there are two snakes still sitting in a dark corner.
It has a light side & a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
It was dark enough that I could actually see a few stars through the screen of city light.
Walking outside, I was shocked to see that it was already dark.
Inside, the space opened into a wide, square chamber mirrored and so dark that it could have been any size.
I thought back to seeing the man in the hollow church and described his skin, his dark hair, the way that light seemed to flow around him, as best as I could.
A dark glow coalesced around her palms.
The dark glow grew stronger and larger, filling the air for about a foot around her hands.
The dark glow began to flicker, and Isis’ frown of concentration became one of worry.
She gasped and the dark glow went out, taking the blood with it in a flash of heat and red steam.
When we got there, another pale servant was waiting for us with a box of dark stained wood.
On the floor was Dvorov’s head, separated from his body by several feet and a growing puddle of dark blood.
Inside was a dark room that looked like a storage space for DJ equipment.
The crew slipped on dark glasses to prepare for the blinding flash of the bomb.
He pushed off the dark glasses because he couldn't see to fly.
Do you fear that dark abyss?
The dark side of ambition.
Passionate, fiery colors filled the western sky before him, though the sun itself had reached the trees and a few dark clouds circled overhead.
His handfuls could do nothing to quench the hewn, burning logs, but when the night sky grew dark above him and the fire dwindled to black ashes, tears threatened to spill forth and extinguish the final embers.
Spencer's magnificent self-portrait of 1914, dark and mysterious as a Rembrandt, was snatched up by an important London collector.
There, too, was the French actress Julie Delpy, with a flowing blond mane and an inch of dark roots, the new ideal of perfect blond young womanhood.
ruthlessly handsome 'black Irishman' with dark eyes that he used to his advantage.
Later in the day, Nevada's senators and both its congressmen appear to chew out the commission for even thinking that Nevada might have a dark side.
In this he is in the dark company of most members of the Russian Duma and provincial legislatures, a generation of former Soviet officials thrown into democratic forums for which they have no instinct and little respect.
In Bettelheim: A Life and a Legacy (1996), she follows a resourceful Hansel figure as he struggles to escape a dark Viennese forest and find fame in America, "dropping little white pebbles along his path."
By 72 hr postinfection, the macrophage cytoplasm is dark and the cell appears necrotic, possibly due to the heavy mycobacterial load or apoptosis.
And yet we persevere; it becomes personal--to weather a storm is one of the ultimate challenges of the sea; to see it calm from its fury is like emerging from the dark side of the moon; euphoric moods erupt only to be outdone by the euphoria of returning home.
He is correct to identify the glibness, guile, and style with which Reed manipulates mass audiences, but he doesn't point out that this masks a dark, self-serving ambition.
But a closer look shows they all have dark eyes and dark eyebrows and that their hair spreads from a center part where at least an inch or two of dark roots is clearly visible on either side.
The cave drops precipitously 65 m (213 ft) into a dark cavern where the imagination begins to work overtime — what demons could lurk here?
True blondes used to thank providence for their hair, then paint their brows and lashes dark to create enough smolder to match its conventionally sexy shimmer.
Indeed, Washington wore a dark brown suit, entirely made in America, for his first inaugural on April 30, 1789.
IOP is increased during the dark period of the day
Everybody had abundant streaks or sizable tracts of blondness, all supported by dark roots under the outer layers of golden glow.
Previously, a rise of IOP was reported to occur before onset of the dark period in rats [ 21 ] , and rats and rabbits were shown to have higher IOP during the dark period compared to the light period [ 21 68 69 ] . Thus, we compared the IOPs of mice at different times of day and identified several strains with significantly higher IOP during the dark compared to the light period.
Nerves estimated to contain 0-25 dark staining axons per section and limited or no gliosis were rated as mild.
My own obscure favorites include the first books of Honor Tracy (Irish-born satirist who makes Evelyn Waugh's work taste like the milk of human kindness), the dark early writing of Sigrid Undset (before her religious conversion, which radically changed her style), and the best novels of manners by John Marquand--all of which are largely unknown to contemporary readers (particularly young ones).
C3H/He mice, wild type (+/+) at the rd locus, were originally obtained from Dr. Michael Menaker at University of Virginia and then maintained as a breeding colony in ventilated environmental compartments within a temperature-controlled animal facility (24 -25°C) on a 12 hour light:12 hour dark cycle (LD), except as noted.
George W. Bush endured a dark night of the soul when he watched his father's approval rating fall from 92 to 38.
Mice were killed between 2 p.m. and 4 p.m., and were housed on a 12:12 light:dark cycle.
The environment was kept at 21°C with a 14 hour light: 10 hour dark cycle.
DATE REFERENCE TO dark REFERENCE TO death 1937 the darkest valley eliminated 1964 valley of dense darkness eliminated 1966 a gloomy valley eliminated 1966 in total darkness eliminated 1969 a valley of deepest darkness eliminated 1969 Nothing lurking in the dark ravine eliminated 1969 the valley of darkness eliminated 1970 a valley dark as death 1970 dark valley eliminated 1971 valley of deep darkness eliminated 1976 valley of the darkness of death 1976 a valley overshadowed by death 1977 the valley of death 1982 the valley of deepest darkness eliminated 
And I hate short sleeved shirts when they wear them with dark neckties, skinny swine knocking on closed doors; and I had a habit of counting bricks, a nice obsession compared with
Blondness has become just one of the many attractive ways to adorn dark hair.
Clinton should wear his soberest Leader-of-the-Free-World outfit: dark blue suit, white shirt, dark tie.
"Darth Vader (dark invader?)
If functional in rice, their light repressed elements would explain the higher expression in root, which grows in dark conditions.
The raven-haired beauty, her voluptuous curves thrusting against the tight fabric of a low-cut white dress, stood outside the door of the Oval Office near midnight, a come-hither look in her flashing, dark eyes.
Holbrooke is adding a dark afterword to new editions of his book on Balkans diplomacy.
8% of the respondents correctly reported mosquito habitat as stagnant water, inside dark houses, or vegetation.
People began as insects who inhabited the dark, watery first world.
Islanders come to see and pray to a statue of the Madonna and Child, La Moreneta (or “little dark one”), so called because of its dark stone color.
If anything, say the pundits, Clinton is shrewd to solidify political support during these dark days.
On a dark night in mid-August 1775, several boats sailed into the dark harbor of Tobacco Bay near Fort St. Catherine and, in a daring and dangerous raid, stole 100 kegs of gunpowder from the main ordnance store.
Alot of the dark humor of the book comes from Rosenbaum's straight-faced attempts to lay out the rival theories of Hitler Studies one by one.
E15 + 2 CONT or SN50-treated explants were sectioned, incubated with anti-PCNA using the Zymed mouse PCNA kit (South San Francisco, CA), and counterstained with hematoxylin as previously described [ 13 ] . In this set of experiments, the cytoplasm appears blue and PCNA-positive cells appear dark brown.
Here was a man who whispered terrible, dark things about himself under his breath.
Fat appears dark on mammograms, whereas the radiographically light areas representing epithelial and connective tissue are relevant to breast cancer risk.
Oh, sure, the days were long, the factories were dark, and the machines claimed both my pinkies, but at least I never had to play dodge ball again.
After washing the sections 4 times in PBS, diaminobenzidine tetra-hydrochloride (DAB) was used to develop the color (dark brown).
After dark I carried her to the cave.
Shards ripped at my clothing, hundred mile-per-hour winds immediately shooting me out into the opening, spinning me around and around until - Dark.
As we sink into our own ruins, the dark horse rides on America!
The dark horse rides on!
Why is it called "after dark" when it really is "after light"?
It came in through my mother's blood; my Russian grandmother would always tell me stories, bylichkas, of ancestors with the "second sight", stupid mill owners who discovered bags of gold after letting a special fish off their hooks, and dark strangers who used to appear to help or interfere at crucial times.
Athens comes alive after dark with a range of activities to fill your diary.
The cold, dark and austere 16th-century Sé (cathedral) remains.
The poet William Cowper once wrote “philologists who trace/A panting syllable through time and space,/Start it at home, and hunt it in the dark/To Gaul, to Greece, and into Noah's ark.”
The tubes were incubated for 15 min at 4°C in dark and washed with cold PBS at 1200 rpm for 5 min.
After rinsing with PBS, cells were incubated in the dark (20 h at 37°C) in a buffer containing X-gal substrate (1 mg/ml), potassium ferricyanide (100 mM), and potassium ferrocyanide (100 mM).
The samples were allowed to dry in the dark and were viewed using a 100 × objective lens on a Nikon Eclipse E400 epifluorescence microscope from Nikon Inc. (Melville, NY).
Hobbes follows up on the Lyons-Spakowski riddle and--due in part to a much more responsive and comprehensive version of America Online than exists in reality--discovers that the killer's body had been possessed by the spirit of a dark angel named Azazel.
They were maintained in the dark and at 4°C until examined.
