To help you see how much your contribution means, I'm sharing with you The words of people who have lived Goodwill's mission.
The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in, money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success, not hopelessness.
He went to the Center Township Trustee for food stamps until he could find a job and a place to live.
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer, his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live, Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community.
and John H., a recovering alcoholic, rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again.
For others, "families" are the counselors are housemates at the group homes where they live.
Yet few of us hear enough about kids who live through these adversities and do make the grade.
Many of the children are victims of abuse or live in unstable homes.
Enclosed is a donation card that will enable you to make Indianapolis a great place for ALL of us to live.
Archaeology shows that, during this time, societies lived mainly in coastal trading towns with little settlement inland.
Many Greek islanders chose to leave rather than live in poverty and terror, and many made new homes in the United States and Australia.
Perhaps because Jerusalem was in neutral territory not allotted to any of the twelve rival tribes of Israel, David made it the capital of his newly formed kingdom and brought the most talented artisans, dedicated priests, magical poets and musicians, and the most formidable soldiers from each of the tribes to live in his city.
They returned to live in the Galilee village of Nazareth, making pilgrimages to Jerusalem.
Weizmann was an important figure in the negotiations with the British government that led to the Balfour Declaration of 1917, supporting the idea of a Jewish “national home” in Palestine that also respected the rights of existing non-Jewish people already living there.
Oh, it can lead one to a rhymed couplet: He loves his brother and his wife, Does he live a double life?
Earlier, on page 49, we learnt about Agnodice, “who lived to become the world's first known woman gynaecologist,” in the fourth century BC.
Thousands of young women helped to build the church of God with their body, blood and bones when frenzied fathers, husbands or fiancés preferred to see them die by fire, sword or the fangs of wild beasts rather than live to flout [sic] the duty and destiny of womanhood.
Although it is true that isoglosses, in effect, set off the various areas where a particular usage was recorded, more accurately an isogloss is drawn to connect sites either where speakers employ both usages or where speakers using one or the other live in very close proximity.
Do any Republicans live in Democrat , Texas?
Not living an anonymous life in your room or on the Internet.
Thus we have the Concord Coalition types, who are always whining that the national debt forces them to live well at their grandchildren's expense.
A teen-ager with an excellent relationship with a single mom, the study says, has a far better chance of avoiding drug abuse than does one living in a two-parent household including a diffident father.
Although we live in a time of great economic prosperity, there are currently still 34.
The NYT and WP report that the Secretary of Defense, William Cohen, announced yesterday that the Pentagon will investigate allegations made Sunday by a Time/CNN report that in a 1970 raid on a village in Laos, U.S. troops and aircraft used nerve gas on suspected American defectors living there.
In strolls Jim Lindsay, saying he's a retired lawyer now living in Savannah and he was interested in doing free legal work for poor people.
The secret of the Eternal City’s magic is that it lives and relishes all its ages simultaneously.
HIV infection among women in the United States has increased significantly over the last fifteen years, and recent estimates suggest that as many as 160,000 adult and adolescent women are living with HIV infection and/or AIDS [ 1 ] . Women accounted for almost one fourth of the new AIDS cases reported in 1999, and most of these women were infected with HIV through heterosexual contact.
Overcrowding was rife, and with industries such as fabric-dyeing carried out on the ground floors, it was an unsanitary place to live.
The ruling elite lived on the high ground, the Yamanote (“bluffs”) west and south of the castle.
Would the controlling feature of the butchers living in Louisiana be their membership in the polity called the United States or their status as “persons” entitled to due process and the equal protection of the laws?
a state where she has never even lived?
Hoyo Marvilla, another well-known barrio in East Los Angeles, was famous because it was where farmworkers lived and was extremely poor.
Aside from the gardens, lake, and playground, other points of interest include a statue of Christopher Columbus (who may have lived in Funchal for a while), and, close by, the Chapel of Santa Catarina, dating from the 17th century.
-As described earlier, rural customers who do not live along the rural route must place a mail receptacle along the rural route.
But in both stores, one is similarly invited to live out vain fantasies about who one is, or should be.
While he keeps costumes in mini-storage, the rabbit and doves live in his home.
But too many of them are large and expensive, tend to live on the dole, and are hampered by seat layouts that create a caste system among fans.
Yes, in Keats' poems, life has a dreamy quality--but this is not a gorgeous swoon so much as the sense that somewhere, out of sight, we have already lived our actual lives, and that the life we are forced to feel through now is a posthumous remembrance of that earlier life, full of pain and loss.
Using the ZIP code of residence assumes the patient lived within that ZIP code area during the period of time required to develop cancer following exposure to an environmental compound that influenced cancer risk.
A > succession of discoveries has taught us about archeabacteria, very ancient and primitive single-cell organisms that live in the places you'd least expect anything to call home.
As for taxes--I would gladly give half my income to live in a country without desperate poverty and homelessness, with good schools and health care and child care for all who need it, with real environmental protection and good public services, and in which people who work for a living earn enough to live decently, as in this country too many full-time workers do not.
Jews have lived around the rue des Rosiers for centuries, and the rue Ferdinand Duval was known until 1900 as the rue des Juifs.
"Are we where we live or what we think?"
Rockefeller's addiction to living in an expensive realm of his own, for creating his own entourage, ultimately accounted for Gerald Ford's decision to toss Rockefeller overboard and pick Bob Dole as his running mate in 1976 (something that will presumably be discussed in Reich's next book).
One can live on trains.
But it was Heller's special insight that the ideas and phrases that make the most attractive candidates for Washingtonspeak start out by containing almost no meaning at all . From Good as Gold , here is Bruce Gold, a middle-aged English professor living in Manhattan, being recruited by phone for a Washington job by his friend Ralph Newsome, a chipper White House aide:
Today, only a handful live here, remaining true to the timeless disciplines of simple living and prayer.
Book -- Monster: Living Off the Big Screen , by John Gregory Dunne;
More inventive than Gordon is the Chinese artist Huang Yong Ping, who was caught abroad during the Tiananmen Square uprising and now lives in Paris.
There were also no differences between the cases and controls in the number of years they have lived in Arizona, and in the reported usual hours spent in the sun.
Meanwhile, however, he is shacked up with a girlfriend he calls the Monkey, who fulfills his sexual fantasies but leaves him living in fear of tabloid scandal.
Those who live in technologically advanced countries and have the financial resources to afford such a luxury: Caucasian men.
No--because man does not live by bread, cars, televisions, or even plumbing alone.
Many single adults live with other nonrelated adults to defray the high cost of city rents.
For example, when they purchased a used car (with cash), they bought it from a man who lived across the street from the Islamic Center and who let them use his address in registering the vehicle, an accommodation "to help a fellow Muslim brother."
7, decided to live dangerously and give specific brands and breweries for Samples A through J. This man was the only panel member whose job does not involve designing Microsoft Word--and the only one to identify two or more of the beers accurately and specifically.
Not only does the evidence point this way, but cells should live near the edge of chaos.
“When we first moved here, a covey of Ruffled Grouch lived right over there in that hedge of Presumption, but no more.
In Genesis 19, for instance, most believers see Lot as a pious man living in the midst of the wicked city of Sodom.
Recent archeological findings show six different cultures lived in the area, with settlements dating back to 300 b.c.
Who knew that Xers lived in 1974?"
Until Dobbs confronted her with evidence of her ancestry and of the deaths of her relatives in the Holocaust, Albright seems to have lived in a state of willed ignorance, declining to challenge her parents' account of the past.
Demonstrations this winter against Tudjman quickly dissipated (at the time, he was being treated in the United States for cancer--he may not live much longer).
Census Bureau, in spite of its best efforts, cannot locate every poor person living in a census tract, therefore the poor are also undercounted, added Weir.
"Once again, we find barely-scraping-by Manhattanites living in a posh pad" (Matt Roush, USA Today ). (Click here for the Fired Up site.)
The piece opens with the report's observation that, "About 2.3 billion people, roughly half the population of the developing world, live in places where the AIDS epidemic has barely begun, and even mildly successful prevention programs could have enormous benefits."
The piece details the nightmarish conditions under which children in these borderline institutions live.
I live in Pennsylvania, and during the warmer months I have a habit of not wearing shoes.
Cyrus Sanai replies: I think Rodriguez is out of touch (maybe quite happily) with life as it is lived in the Columbine High Schools of America.
He has lived in Geneva, Nairobi, Cairo, Accra, and New York, among other places.
Cool Mom would regain that ground--and wreak its own subtle havoc (McGreevey is going through a divorce, and his daughter, 4-year-old Morag, lives in Canada with her mother).
That incredible empire dominated the world and I imagine it did not seem possible to people living then that anyone could loosen that empire's grip on humanity.
All living cells are.
Introducing the Salyut 1 space station (a "salute" to Gagarin), the Soviets began a focus on long-term, orbital space living that endures today.
The study and acquisition of foreign languages, living and dead, is both intellectually and practically rewarding.
For example, the following question seems to me to be of both supreme importance and supreme difficulty: Do living people have any moral obligation to the trillions of potential people who will never have the opportunity to live unless we conceive them?
