beats me i mean i know Yankees have won a lot of games through the years
In Corriere della Sera , a front-page comment by Tullio Kezich, headlined "Shame on you, Hollywood," complained that "this undisputed giant of the Seventh Art" won only one Oscar, and that only for the special effects in 2001: A Space Odyssey . In La Repubblica , in which his death was the main front-page lead Monday, Michele Serra compared him to Salman Rushdie, but as a fugitive from "another kind of fatwa, a typically Western one: condemnation to fame, photographs and interviews, television and awards ceremonies, juries and society; because he was, after all, the most famous and celebrated living author of the most important language of the century, the cinema."
The California primaries and ballot initiatives demonstrate that 1) California voters are content with the status quo (career politicians won big) and 2) it doesn't take money to <b>win</b> elections anymore (millionaire political neophytes <b>lost</b> big).
Hay poles as a term would never win a popularity contest with computer terminology, but lest we forget, they were poles used in pairs by two men, one out from with a pole in each hand, the other, holding the opposite ends, bringing up the rear, and carrying bales of hay cut by scythe from the hummocks of a bog.
The Yankees won their 25 th World Series.
Time to win and, of course, time to <b>lose</b>.
We have insights of forms and their formation, won from eVorts since Aristotle codified the embryological investigations that over twenty-five centuries ago began with the study of deformed fetuses in sacrificial animals.
00, it was like winning the lottery.
Cindy Kernick, Donna Doblick and Colleen Lynch won a jury verdict that awarded Harris more than $4.
An impassioned politician as well as a fiery military leader, Riel won local Anglo-Saxon support for his proposed Manitoba Act guaranteeing equal French and English language rights in school and church.
Also, a writer joins a blackjack ring that wins millions of dollars in Vegas casinos.
Martha, who does not want her last name used, believes she owes her very life to Legal Services and lawyer Laura Adjangba, who won her political asylum in the United States.
In this version it is a battle between good and evil to see who can win the most souls.
On the contrary, respect for the capacity of the materials always wins out over daring visual invention, but a staggering technical imagination has also been summoned.
These political and economic difficulties helped the fundamentalist Refah party later win the largest share of the vote in 1995.
Arrow and Debreu won the Nobel Prize for their work, and <b>won</b> it deservedly.
The consensus: Phair's long-awaited offering lacks the gritty low-fi feel and raunchy lyrics that characterized Exile in Guyville , her 1993 album, which won the Village Voice Pazz & Jop Album of the Year Award, but the new album is more diverse musically.
Talking parrots, peacocks in full display, and cute lemurs will always win hearts.
There is no question that the cold war has ended, and we won.
Having barely won reelection midway in this slaughter, Abraham Lincoln could only say of the reign of terror, “Woe unto the world because of offences!”
The Socialists won the elections but split over support for the Russian Revolution, leading to the formation in 1921 of the Italian Communist Party.
At Harvard, Zelon made history when her team won the Williston Competition, a contract-negotiating contest open to first-year law students at the school.
The argument was close, but in the end the advocates of state power won in the Supreme Court the battle they could not <b>win</b> on the killing fields.
By 1970, the war was won militarily--or almost <b>won</b>.
But when American revolutionaries invaded Québec in 1775 in the hope of winning the French-Canadians over to their cause, the latter did not rally to the British side until the American soldiers started taking the habitants’ livestock and supplies.
The left-most bit set in the result corresponds to the bUSM coordinate that determines the length of the similar segment (equivalent to the coordinate winning the max operation in the standard USM).
Vice President Gore’s persistent legal challenge to the certified result depended, in part, on the sense of legitimacy he acquired from winning the confidence of the nation in the popular vote.
The argument pro or con: If she doesn't decide soon, other Democrats will wait too long to enter the race, and Giuliani will win.
The odds of winning are very low — in fact, the house advantage is greater than that of any other casino game — but it’s an inexpensive way to pass the time while you’re dining.
It was the first time a team with a female member had won the competition.
Bush has decided that he can't win the federal policy debate that has consumed Clinton, Gore, Newt Gingrich, and the national media for seven years.
Paul Lawrie won golf's British Open.
The University of Connecticut won its first NCAA men's basketball championship . UConn beat the consensus favorite, Duke, with outstanding defense and hot shooting.
If he wins the White House, I guarantee he'll bring real class and leadership to the office.
But if she wins, she'll divorce him."
An ordinary prosecutor may decide to forgo charges so that he can devote his energies to a case that is more important and easier to win.
Katz's war is won, but declaring victory and resting his vocal chords would mean giving up his career as the Jeremiah of cyberspace and finding a new hustle.
Barney Frank, D-Mass., who has never found a subject he doesn't like arguing about (and has never started an argument he didn't win), introduces an amendment.
Cohen has faced down two generals who bucked his authority, but hasn't won (and will never <b>win</b>, the article predicts) the full confidence of high-ranking officers.
His warrior successor, Ramses I, heralded the start of the 19th Dynasty to be followed by Seti I 1291–1279 b.c. who won back many of the lands <b>lost</b> during the Akhenaten years.
Bush will almost certainly win the GOP nomination.
The Alliance won 51 of 52 seats in the 1955 election on a platform promising an equitable multiracial constitution.
If the question is whether ABC News ran a fair-minded expose, then ABC News wins.
Fornalutx is a jewel of warm stone so immaculate that it <b>won</b> a national prize a few years ago for spotlessness.
Ellison drew this welcome partly because he was the first black writer to win a National Book Award (in 1953) and the only novelist among his contemporaries to <b>win</b> one of the major literary prizes.
A century later, Lorenzo Ghiberti won the competition to design the great north and east doors, devoted respectively to the life of Jesus and scenes from the Old Testament.
I read The Nation for Hitchens (he's been great on Clinton; if Bush <b>wins</b> I'm sure we'll be on opposite sides), Cockburn (although he's far better in NYPress ) and, just to be irritated, Katha Pollitt and Eric Alterman.
The revolt lasted 14 years and cost more lives than would World War I. The Beijing government finally won, but the regime and the nation would never be the same.
If the Republican Pirozzi wins, it looks like the GOP barely hung on to take a seat that should have been a gimme.
In the 1946 municipal elections — Berlin’s first free vote since 1933, and its last until 1990 — the Social Democrats won a crushing victory over the Communists, prompting the Soviets to tighten their grip on the eastern sector.
The New York City Consumer Affairs Commissioner is quoted as saying Mr. Fishbein has a shot at winning the suit because restaurants are allowed to <b>add</b> a service charge for parties larger than six if the customer is told in advance--but the surcharge is limited to 15 percent.
The following year, Catalonia won a charter establishing home rule, restoration of the regional parliament and flag, and recognition of Catalan as the official language of the region.
Spins: 1) Collective bargaining will win doctors more control over the type and quantity of medication they prescribe, resulting in better care for patients.
Under Julius Caesar, elected in 59 b.c. , provincial towns won the privileges of Roman citizenship.
(Fogerty never won an award for the brilliant records he made with Credence Clearwater Revival three decades ago.)
The French team that won the 1998 World Cup was deemed by some unsuitable to represent France because of the mixed heritage of the players.
He can't win.
What they win on the racing, they gamble at the casino.
The fact that Microsoft won that round is no guarantee it will emerge the winner of the next paradigm shift.
During her naval career, she won 42 battles, captured 20 vessels, and was undefeated.
A number of years ago, Dennis Gabor won the Nobel Prize for inventing the hologram.
King Clovis, the leader of the Franks, defeated the Roman armies at Sois­sons in 486 and won the allegiance of most Gallo-Romans by converting to Christianity ten years later.
("From Nag to Riches," says the Washington Post .) 2) It's not such a fairy tale for the horse's trainer or owners, who have already won numerous Triple Crown races.
Odds are as high as 35 to 1, which means a single $5 chip on the right number wins you $175.
Boris Yeltsin won the second round only by recruiting Alexander Lebed, a retired general with frightful views on Jews and other religious minorities.
What served as the athletes’ Olympic Village (Vila Olímpica) was planned as an entirely new, planned community (it won Harvard University and Prince Charles design awards).
Kenyan runner Joseph Chebet won the Boston Marathon . The heartwarming spin: He finally <b>won</b> the race after finishing second in his last three marathons.
After potatoes (winning P.E.I.
The NYT says that the day's solemn mood was "somewhat tarnished" by reports that Clinton planned an all-out drive to help Democrats win back the House.
In 1936 a flame was brought from Athens to Berlin to inaugurate the Olympic Games, an attempt at Aryan propaganda which was soundly destroyed by black athlete Jesse Owens, who won four gold medals.
Although the Communist Party will remain the biggest single bloc in the Duma, having won 24 percent of the vote, the success of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's Unity Party, which claimed 23 percent, took the ink.
Since Günter Grass won his Nobel Prize a week ago, critics have argued that Grass' political views make him a parody of a left-wing German intellectual: Who can take seriously a man who mourns the <b>lost</b> asceticism of East Germany?
The women are deliberately promiscuous in order to win more male protectors for their child.
A Health and Human Services survey shows, says the paper, that state officials have, despite winning the right under welfare reform to control a sizeable portion of federal welfare funding, left unspent $3 billion of the $12 billion available to them in a recent nine month period.
4. We can't win.
While Clinton won the kiddie-cash sweepstakes for the cycle, the leading contenders in the primary season were two cash-hungry Republicans: Texas Sen.
"Tuesday's presidential election was won back in January, when the economy, which seemed headed for zero or even negative growth, suddenly turned around," writes James K. Glassman, the conservative Washington Post columnist.
As the best-known film critic in America (and the only one ever to win a Pulitzer), the erstwhile broadcasting partner of Gene Siskel holds a position of unique influence in film.
He wins the reader over as much for what he doesn't do--take cheap shots at his characters--as for the breadth of his observations.
He wrote that Bush is lucky to have Forbes as his chief opponent, because the publishing scion is too dorky to win, an assessment I agree with, although I'm a fan of his economic platform (although his pandering to Christians is just shameless).
The first candidate to file would always win by default.
Old spin on his significance: He can't win.
Titanic won redemption at the Tony awards . The show, which had been faulted and ridiculed by critics, <b>won</b> the award for best musical, plus the four other categories in which it had been nominated.
Skeptics include Jeff Birnbaum ( Fox ), who notes that one poll is just one poll, and Bob Novak (CNN's Capital Gang ), who says it's much easier for a polarizing figure such as McCain (or Buchanan in '96) to win New Hampshire than to <b>win</b> the nomination.
Early that afternoon, the Pittsburgh Steelers defeated the Indianapolis Colts to win the American Football Conference championship.
"Now the question is, 'Can you win?
A retired CIA official and Army officer, Sorley posits a new theory on the Vietnam War: The United States won, but the military victory was immediately undercut by diplomatic backtracking and congressional cowardice.
"The more closely Sydney's campaign to win the right to host the 2000 Olympics is examined, the more unpleasant it looks," the Herald said.
The truth of the matter is that the liberals have won the culture wars.
Overseas update: Indonesia 's ruling party overwhelmingly won re-election.
, "bronze medal," "win, place, and show"), Bauer changed metaphors, telling reporters that he had reached "the first rung of candidates" and that lower finishers might soon perish.
So there is no way yet to know for sure who wins and loses.
Everyone's had this argument; everyone's been annoyed by not winning this argument; nobody wants to have this argument again.
"Gramma, the kids at school say that one day, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is going to come to your home and demand the return of the Oscar (TM) you won for Ghost , citing the poor quality of your performances in Eddie , The Associate , Boys on the Side and, to be perfectly honest here, Ghost . Is that true?"
Snurr's choice B is a 10/11 chance to win $5 million.
The WP and LAT fronts report on that nearly $5 million verdict won by actress Hunter Tylo, who sued because she was hired to play a seductress on 'Melrose Place' but was then fired by producer Aaron Spelling's company when it was revealed she was pregnant.
In fact, Democrats won because they have seized congressional control of issues such as Social Security, Medicare, and education, despite the fact that GOP governors are <b>winning</b> with those same issues.
The sophisticated spin: Republicans won, by appeasing Christian conservatives who will reward them at the polls in November.
This will help Faircloth win.
Most presidents don't give a shit who wins or <b>loses</b>, and just cause huge traffic jams and inconveniences to real fans with their Secret Service brigades.
Rall says that Spiegelman, after winning a special Pulitzer in 1992 for his graphic novel Maus , became the de facto spokesman for the sprawling world of "underground comix" and gained the kind of mainstream fame and acceptance most cartoonists only dream of.
The paper reports that at a closed-door meeting with members, Newt Gingrich seemed irritated by such scruples and won "a huge ovation" after reminding attendees that the House had already voted for full disclosure, and that pulling back now would only lead to news leaks.
Widowhood wins votes: Between 1916 and 1993, "84 percent of first-time female candidates for the House who were running to succeed their dead husbands <b>won</b> their races."
The LAT calls Yeltsin's comments, which came while he was in China to win support for the Chechnya operation, an "outburst," and compares it to Nikita Kruschev's "We will bury you."
He uses PR brilliantly: Hill and Knowlton tout him relentlessly to reporters and investors, winning him an adulatory profile that serves him well.
If the "basic political tensions" in America today are between pro-big-government and anti-big-government factions, and the pro-big-government faction just won, how are the Journal 's editorial sympathizers supposed to find comfort in that analysis?
6) Israeli politics will fragment, nobody will win, and tiny fringe parties will be able to blackmail the next government, just as they blackmailed Netanyahu.
For the Indian Cabinet I gave B.B. the chance of one card and H.L. the chance of the other, but neither won.”
The papers pronounce J. Dennis "Denny" Hastert, the little-known deputy whip, to be the likely next speaker, having quickly won the support of whip Tom DeLay and majority leader Dick Armey, both of whom seem to have concluded they themselves lacked sufficient support to <b>win</b> the job.
Having declared war, the pundit posse immediately expressed doubt that it could be won.
Chernow, who had unprecedented access to Rockefeller's papers, wins praise from the New York Times Book Review for bringing an unusually fine "moral intelligence" to the declining art of biography.
And some have claimed the war was essentially won.
Who's winning the war over the draft?
And even if states can win the nexus argument in court, Internet providers are likely to flee to more tax-friendly jurisdictions, thus forcing (angry) subscribers to incur long-distance phone charges for online access.
We don't know who is winning the drug war in Latin America, but we know who's <b>losing</b> it -- the press.
It's because pride, dedication, sacrifice, and the will to win are embodied in all Americans.
The alternative view of the case, winning support from four justices, including Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. and John Marshall Harlan, was that limiting hours of employment was a legitimate way for the state to exercise its responsibility to protect the health of those who chose to work as bakers.
Not only are they winning awards around town but many will be presented with scholarships or gift certificates on April 30th at the annual Awards & Honors Ceremony.
Winning an award is a tremendous honor for a Herron student.
It testifies to the government’s beginning to conceive of itself as an aggressive agent charged not only with winning a total war against states in insurrection but also with taking charge of the postbellum constitutional order that would be based on different premises from the social order of freedom and fear of government.
AUDUBON has won the prestigious National Magazine Award not once, but.
This chapter examines the reasons that different suppliers win and <b>lose</b>, reviewing many of the innovations we have discussed throughout.
Our class won the coveted "Spirit Award" along with our good friends from the class of 1983.
Dudovitz won Iwasaki's backing to oppose the deal, and Legal Services Corp., the national funding source, overruled the proposed San Gabriel-Pomona Valley/Orange County merger.
Though all modern slot machines are computerized, the rules are still the same: get three or four matching icons in a row (or some combination thereof) and you win.
The ticket gives you a 10-percent chance of winning $5 million, an 89-percent chance of <b>winning</b> $1 million, and a 1-percent chance of <b>winning</b> nothing at all.
The festival is celebrated from three to four days, with several battles taking place to win back the Holy Cross.
Contributing members of the winning class will receive an <b>added</b> bonus of a tuition-waived registration to a non-restricted C.E.
His religious conversion won him the support of the papacy, and Mieszko effectively founded the Polish state the following year.
During the 14th century the Turks in Anatolia rallied under the banner of one Osman Gazi, who had won a great victory over the Byzantines in 1301.
According to a 1999 opinion survey, low and moderate income Americans mistakenly believe they have a better chance of accumulating $500,000 through winning the lottery than through saving and investing a portion of their income.
The icon of these pro-sex feminists is Chastain, the player who posed nude (but not lasciviously) in Gear magazine, kicked the winning goal, and then tore off her jersey and bounded around the field in a black sports bra.
They also admired sporting prowess, inaugurating the Olympic Games where the best in the world would compete together simply for the glory of winning.
After snagging the grand prize at Sundance and the best first film prize at Cannes, this fable of the redemptive power of poetry wins more praise in its general release.
During this troubled period, Spain’s first, short-lived, constitution was drafted, and their colonies of South America won their independence.
In May, the attorney general's office filed a friend of the court brief in support of four Shasta County residents who won a case against Modesto resident Walter Moore, who also used the name Jeff Simmons.
Arrow and Debreu won the Nobel Prize for their work, and <b>won</b> it deservedly.
The more you overestimate your undying affection, the more likely you are to win the auction--and the more likely you are to feel like an idiot in 2009.
But native peoples and Inuit did not win the right to vote in federal elections until 1960.
The Washington Post leads with word that Charles Taylor, the warlord who started and dominated Liberia's seven-year civil war (estimated deaths: 150,000) is winning his country's presidential election.
Henceforth he became known as “Fatih” (Conqueror), and his newly won capital city was renamed Istanbul.
Section M explains how the agency intends to select a winning contractor by describing the importance of all factors to be considered in evaluating proposals.
Furness, an exceptional individual who won a Congressional Medal of Honor during the Civil War, dominated the Philadelphia architectural scene for 20 years.

France won the World Cup.
In spite of appalling losses, the Balinese won the day.
But the Versailles Peace conference proved a bitter disappointment when Japan, and not China, won control over Germany’s former holdings in Shandong Province.
With Primakov's support, analysts now expect the coalition to win the parliament--now controlled by the Communists--and the presidency--now controlled by the outgoing Boris Yeltsin, who last week chose new Prime Minister Vladimir Putin as his preferred successor.
This is one of many churches built during the Christianization of territory won from the Moors by James I in legendary 13th-century battles; it stands on the site where a mosque originally stood.
The Post lead says the committee Republicans won a vote allowing pursuit of alleged Clinton fundraising abuses, and the White House is considering not presenting any defense whatsoever to any areas the committee has raised--because, in the words quoted from presidential spokesman Joe Lockhart, the HJC has been "hijacked by extremists."
Ibiza’s new freedom meant the renaissance of the Ibicenco language and culture after decades of suppression, and participation in Catalonia’s newly won autonomy.
Most of all, it was a competition in truth-telling (or falsifying), a Cold War duel in credibility occurring amid a mounting pileup of classified information, exposés, and oxymoronic jargon that would eventually donate euphemistic doublespeak terms like "dual hegemony," "limited nuclear war," and the slogan "win the peace" to the American language.
It's akin to saying that if the Chicago Bulls showed the same growth as the Raptors, they'd eventually be winning more games than they're playing.
After 1933 Fulgencio Batista, though only a sergeant, orchestrated the strings of power through a series of puppet presidents before winning the presidency outright in 1940.
It was a rematch of a March fight, which ended officially in a draw but was widely believed to have been won by Lewis.
Running along the eastern edge of the Maidan, the Chowringhee Road (Nehru Road) marks the old European neighborhood whose mansions once won Calcutta the wishful name of “City of Palaces. ”
In fact, by winning three of the last four championships, they are the first team to accomplish this feat during the eras of free-agency and of divisional play.
Less than three years later, an army uprising took place in Wuhan and quickly won widespread support.
All three apportion a great deal of guilt to my father, who did not win custody of them when they were younger.
Boxing officials ordered a rematch of the March 13 heavyweight championship fight between Evander Holyfield and Lennox Lewis . Fans and sports writers are in an uproar because the judges called the fight a draw--despite a huge disparity of punches in Lewis' favor and the widespread perception of spectators that Lewis won.
His remains were transferred to Sevilla from Havana in 1898, when Cuba won its independence from Spain.
Republicans' spin: We're winning the budget fight by convincing Clinton to compromise.
In February 1936 te left-wing Popular Front won a majority of seats in the Cortes, but across Spain new extremes of violence displaced argument.
New spin: He can win because he's been campaigning nonstop since 1995.
Both islands have large resort hotels that offer water-sports, floor shows, and casinos where you can enjoy the thrill of winning or the dejection of <b>losing</b>.
In order to win power, it promises to make no difference.
Pedro won, though he died of consumption only months later at the age of 36.
And it's hard to believe that if Gore wins the presidency the Democrats won't pick up at least six seats in the House.
The numbers are drawn until someone wins, and some veterans get up to 10 cards playing at once.
This spot doesn't overtly link Rodriguez with the man whose mantle he is trying to win.
It didn’t win every battle, but assisted by high-profile friends such as Beatrix Potter, the National Trust slowly came to exert more influence.
In an interview with the British broadcasting weekly Radio Times , Woody Allen insisted he bears no grudge against Mia Farrow, who won a long and bitter custody battle against him.
Failing to target its pitches--neglecting to emphasize that psychics can help you win, or at least tell you you're going to <b>win</b> large sums of money or find that woman of your dreams--was certainly Psychic Friends' first big mistake.
The Last Night of Ballyhoo won the award for best play, and A Doll's House <b>won</b> for best revival of a play.
"The most groundbreaking kitchen-sink sitcom since All in the Family ," declares Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly . Most agree, however, that the show declined in its last years, especially after Roseanne's character won the lottery and the family forsook its proletarian roots--while the actress herself mutated from caustic social critic into pop icon.
One offers George W. 6-to-5 odds to win the White House (bet $5 and, if you <b>win</b>, get back that fiver plus an additional $6).
A toy company's stock rose 20 percent when it won the license to distribute Spice Girl action figures.
The California primaries and ballot initiatives demonstrate that 1) California voters are content with the status quo (career politicians won big) and 2) it doesn't take money to <b>win</b> elections anymore (millionaire political neophytes <b>lost</b> big).
George F. Will argues that for Bradley and McCain to win their party's nominations, independent voters (that is, those not affiliated with a single party) would have to become decisive, which is very unlikely in the primaries.
The chief cover story , countering basic conservative theology, argues that peace activism helped win the Cold War.
Republicans' spin: We're outsmarting the Democrats by calling their bluff and will win the vote.
This is the room, Bode told viewers, where Churchill planned the strategy that won the war, the room where Europe's fleeing crowned heads found refuge.
The media took up this question and, over the next two hours, hammered out a consensus: "Moderate" Republicans were winning, while "ideologues" were <b>losing</b>.
British playwright David Hare wins praise for adapting Chekhov into colloquial language, though the melodrama of the original is said to remain.
Though disturbed by Pat's views on World War II, Bush, positioning himself as the clear Republican front-runner, claims he needs a unified party to win.
Banks' spin: We're winning in the courts.
The Independent said that "victory for NATO should also put an end to the thoughtless assertion that 'wars cannot be won from the air.
In Easy Riders, Raging Bulls , Peter Biskind chronicles how Beatty parlayed the heartthrob status he'd won from 1961's Splendor in the Grass into a controlling position as a producer.
The Republican won by less than 3 percent.
11 Their candidate won with vicious negative ads.
But beneath the welter of details about Cyprus and Angola, Kissinger makes a surprising claim, arguing that his tough-but-accommodating policy toward the Soviets in the mid-'70s led directly to the confrontational Reagan tactics that won the Cold War in the '80s.
The contract was designed not to win the election but to spin it, by inflating an essentially negative referendum on Clinton and his health care reform plan into an affirmative referendum on the conservative agenda.
Alfonse D'Amato won approval of a provision requiring health insurance companies to cover post-mastectomy reconstructive surgery, and explains it this way: D'Amato was trying to undercut his election opponent's strong support among women voters.
Like Dole, he won a crucial "contest-within-the-contest."
After he won the New Hampshire primary, Tsongas transcended his status as a media darling and got taken seriously as someone who could actually <b>win</b> the Democratic nomination.
If Rick Lazio wins the New York Senate race, I'll buy you a Manhattan at the bar of your choice.
Critics lavish director Wes Anderson and co-writer Owen Wilson (who performed similar duties on Bottle Rocket ) with praise for their film about a bright but underachieving high-school misfit (Jason Schwartzman) who ends up competing with Bill Murray for the affection of a young teacher: "an exuberantly original comedy" (Lisa Schwarzbaum, Entertainment Weekly ). Murray has won several critics' awards for his performance, but now that the film is in general release (it had a brief run in December to qualify for the Academy Awards), a few dissenters have surfaced, including the Wall Street Journal 's Joe Morgenstern and  Slate 's David Edelstein, who says the writers "spend a lot of time patting themselves on the back for being aggressively unconventional."
Reagan would have been an unbelievably good catch, and if he had stayed with this sorry lot, he would have been their best chance to win mainstream acceptability.
George W. Bush, symbolizing their willingness "to use their muscle and prestige to help him win the nomination."
6-million advance--unheard of for a debut novel); landmark sales (600,000 copies in hardcover); multiple translations (23 languages); much feting and fanfare (global book tours, interviews, pride of place in "India" specials in Granta and The New Yorker ); and finally, the announcement, last Tuesday, that Roy had won the , which is awarded annually to a writer from Britain or the Commonwealth and brings with it a cash prize of more than $30,000.
Likewise, if the presidency is worth $50 million and there are many potential candidates with essentially identical chances of winning, they'll keep entering the race until they've collectively spent at least $50 million.
Individual acts of conscience can and do save lives, and heroism can win a war or a battle, he acknowledges.
Another current example of a fractonym is threepeat , used to describe the feat of a team or individual who wins an annual championship three years in a row.
Several Democratic senators, assisted by the media, depicted the House prosecutors' failure to win a majority vote in the Senate as a disgraceful setback for the GOP.
Harvey won the nickname "Scissorshands" because of his tendency to chop movies in the editing room.
The Bulls won 103-99.
Bob Livingston, R-La., decided that instead of stepping down to become a fat-cat lobbyist, he would hang around in the hope of winning the speaker's job after Gingrich leaves.
Lange and Pfeiffer win compliments for strong performances, "emotionally in sync" (Mike Clark, USA Today ). (Stills and clips are available here.)
Chastened by compliance difficulties surrounding recent IMF loans to Russia and Indonesia, says the paper, for the Korea bailout, Fund officials won concessions to many detailed provisions covering the cronyish connections among the government and the country's major industrial conglomerates.
Duke, Connecticut, Michigan State, and Ohio State reached the NCAA basketball tournament's final four . Duke is the clear favorite to win it all, having <b>won</b> 31 straight games.
I win both bets, scoring 125 samoleans.
A dearth of breaking news helped President Clinton win a clean sweep of the weekend shows.
Nash suddenly regained his sanity in the late '80s and then won the 1994 Nobel Memorial Prize in economics.
I won in about six hands, auspiciously I thought, with three aces.
A few thoughts: As long as these guys have nothing to say about HMOs, prescription drugs, and education (besides vouchers), they're going to have a tough time winning back the White House.
"The programmatic impact of the King Center across the last decade has been somewhere between small and nonexistent," says David Garrow, who won the Pulitzer Prize for his King biography, Bearing the Cross .
Ofili's work was featured in depth last year at the Tate Gallery's exhibition for the 1998 Turner Prize, which the artist won.
All this makes for a winning team.
They trotted out numerous theories to establish the Kosovo mission's futility: Air power alone had never won a war, the Serbs had proven their invincibility against Hitler, and negotiation backed by gradual military escalation had failed in Vietnam.
But Jordan could have never won on his own.
1 Helping 2 win 3 by 4 overcoming 5 what threatened, Lederer, 6 who persisted 7 when challenged, triumphed.
Its executives paid dearly to win the rights to broadcast the Super Bowl, and they're not going to let you ignore it.
And finally there was Colin Montgomerie, a multiple failure in major tournaments, surely the best player in the world never to have won one of these things.
While doing everything they can to hamstring the American administration's ability to wage the war, they argue that the war can never be won, that the administration's claims to the contrary are lies, and that the United States should trim its absurd demands and bug out with whatever face-saving deal it can get.
My hunch is that Oprah will win over even the cattlemen, eventually.
Another sidebar , titled "Talking Casualties," scopes out what it would take for NATO to win a ground war (200,000 troops and a month or two of setup time).
Bill Paxon, a Gingrich minion at the National Republican Congressional Committee, the party's fund-raising and spending apparatus that helped win the House for the GOP in 1994, is enthusiastic and smart but doesn't seem tough enough to be speaker.
He won the eternal enmity of British lefties, but he was right: The unions were lazy and intransigent.
5) The whole investigation of Clinton's means of winning re-election is a distraction from the real scandal: that he intends to do nothing with the job.
If Bauer wins the social conservative quarterfinal and the conservative semifinal, he gets to run as the "Reagan" candidate against "Bush-Gore" moderation on abortion, Hollywood, China, and other hot-button issues.
Certainly Dole was a weak candidate, as was Mondale, as was Dukakis, and as was Bush, both when he won in 1988 and when he <b>lost</b> in 1992 (his speechwriter, one Tony Snow, failing to extricate him from his own verbal briar patch).
But in the final five minutes, I raised my bid to $250, then $275, then $300, and finally won the auction, exhilarated by my victory.
Snip's choice B is a 10-percent chance of winning $5 million plus a 1-percent chance of <b>winning</b> nothing plus an 89-percent chance of <b>winning</b> $1 million.
Democrats, who are still enjoying their postelection gloat, know they have won the war: Clinton is safe, Flytrap is all but dead.
He has been winning sympathy and good press because of allegations that George W. Bush's allies are whispering that he's unstable, but even McCain's supporters can't produce any actual evidence of smears.
Ellison drew this welcome partly because he was the first black writer to win a National Book Award (in 1953) and the only novelist among his contemporaries to <b>win</b> one of the major literary prizes.
Time lauds Elizabeth Dole's New Hampshire debut, citing her gutsy stances on gun control and huge potential to win centrist voters.
A profile condemns the coach-choking (and uncoachable) Latrell Sprewell for crushing the New York Knicks' NBA championship hopes: His nihilism and selfishness have sapped his teammates' will to win.
13. get the straight--have a little luck and win.
Raves for this biopic of infamous Irish thief Martin Cahill ("The General"): It "belongs on a long list of history's best gangster movies" (Mike Clark, USA Today ). John Boorman won Best Director at Cannes for the film.
Pierce Brosnan wins praise for <b>adding</b> a personality to his picture-perfect features.
The second is to reduce the uncertainty about who's going to win.
After all, he backed the Kosovo bombing on the grounds that NATO, having started fighting, must win to preserve its credibility.
RFK Jr. would win going away; Andrew Cuomo would have an even shot.
Conservatives are winning the intellectual war.
Critics say the film, which won the Grand Prize at Cannes, avoids mawkishness despite its heart-wrenching subject matter.
Disney's animation studio rebounds from a series of disappointments ( Pocahontas , Hercules ) with a feature based on a Chinese legend about a cross-dressing female warrior, winning praise for featuring a proto-feminist heroine instead of its usual submissive maidens.
Ross Perot won 19 million votes in 1992, but now the party has <b>lost</b> all touch.
In light of the decision by Sonny Bono's widow to run for his congressional seat, the LAT front page reports that among first-time House candidates from 1916 to 1993, 84 percent of the widows won, while only 14 percent of the other women did.
In "," Saletan shows how Milosevic is winning the spin war.
Result: Good weather held, Boxer kept her Senate seat, and Davis won the governor's race.
The Montreal Canadiens have won 23 Stanley Cups.
I actually won the debate in the eyes of the people polled.
USA Today leads with a national election round-up: Slugged "Republicans Take Virginia," the story says that the GOP won control of the Virginia legislature for the first time ever (the Washington Post says the first time in a century) and is close to <b>winning</b> the Philadelphia mayor's office for the first time in 50 years (Associated Press dispatches this morning show the Democrat <b>won</b>).
After he wins, they say he <b>won</b> by running as a conservative.
About 80 percent of the action will be on which team wins, but Vegas bookmakers offer more than 200 wagering options, including Player to Score First Touchdown (Eddie George, Titans, is the 9-2 favorite); the Double Result, a bet on who's ahead at the half and at the end (you can have Tennessee at the half and St. Louis at the end at 7-2); who scores first and who <b>wins</b> the game (you can take the Rams both ways at 5-6).
A. A lottery ticket that gives you an 11-percent chance of winning $1 million.
It's a game liberals can't win.
He's never more winning than when he projects loserdom.
Do you think you will win?
Dylan's bluesy album wins accolades for introspective lyrics about mortality and is judged his best work in decades, "attesting to the creative renaissance of an artist still bent on defying expectations and spurning trends" (Edna Gundersen, USA Today ). The Rolling Stones' new songs are called "uninspired retreads" (Richard Cromelin, the Los Angeles Times ), and their much-hyped world tour--which uses giant nude inflatable dolls as set pieces--is pronounced "tasteless" (the Independent ). (See the Stones' tour site.)
Remember that to win, Sabato has to get four out of 10! ...
C harismatic won the Kentucky Derby.
The fastest a competitor can win is in three or four product versions--which is to say, over a period of four to six years.
The press proclaimed the "Year of Tibet" when the Dalai Lama won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989.
"I was the tail on the dog, and we all won," he said.
A DNC spokesman couldn't have set the stage better: If Democrat Joe Baca wins, it now looks to Times readers like a stunning upset that foreshadows a possible Republican House collapse.
**A cold winter might conceivably help Bill Bradley win the nomination, but as a Democrat in the general election he'd have to contend with accusations that his party caused the recession.
The coverage generally has two components: describing the deal and then saying who won.
Analysts think Hagel has little chance of winning.
The next year, he won the Nobel Peace Prize.
Anti-gay extremists picketed the HRC dinner with signs saying "God Hates Fags," but a second group of protesters won better press coverage by carrying signs saying "Ellen Can Change."
The editor of Talk , who launched her magazine this year with Mrs. Clinton on the cover, said Rudolph Giuliani will "undoubtedly" win because women didn't like Hillary.
At a press conference last week, he bristled at the notion that he was expected to win the New York primary, even though he is ahead there in the polls.
B. A lottery ticket that gives you a 10-percent chance of winning $5 million.
A Nation article exposes how American corporations are lobbying for China: Boeing, AT&T, the Big Three automakers, and other megacompanies have hired PR firms and lobbyists to burnish China's image on Capitol Hill, mostly in hopes of <b>winning</b> it permanent MFN status.
The first two items, taken together, amount to an 11-percent chance of a 10/11 chance of winning $5 million.
By now, it's clear who has won the war.
So this is the case for leaving Microsoft alone: High-tech competition is, necessarily, a competition that ends up being won by a handful of players.
Novak says that Microsoft's strategy is to drag out its appeal until a Republican wins the White House (and presumably drops the lawsuit).
Many years ago I came across a meaningful sentence attributed to Rabindranath Tagore, the only Indian writer to win the Nobel Prize: 
In the war between the old Times Square street and the new Disney-style monumentalism, Culturebox predicts, monumentalism may triumph in the short run, but street size will win out in the end.
Jane wins and Mary <b>loses</b>, but Mary's loss exceeds Jane's gain.
The last inmate to stand up wins.)
Their candidate won on local issues.
James Sensenbrenner , R-Wis., won the $250,000 D.C. lottery jackpot.
The campaign delivered hundreds of thousands of petitions to House members, swamped congressional switchboards with 250,000 calls, and won meetings with more than 200 representatives--all through what Boyd and Blades call "word of mouse."
"" reports on the unanimous spins: Bush won solidly but not overwhelmingly enough to send other candidates packing.
The poll finds that just under half of all Republicans feel the whole thing will make it harder for Republican candidates to win elections in 2000.
Although he was prime minister during the war in Chechnya (which has more than surface similarities to the war in Kosovo: It was a war against an ethnic minority seeking greater autonomy, a war that Russia could neither win nor negotiate its way out of for two bloody years), Chernomyrdin has yet to take a stand on it or on what the republic's relationship ought to be with the Russian federation.
He has cast himself as a prankish Jew who wins the heart of a pretty maiden (Nicoletta Braschi); fathers a cute, skinny boy; and gets carted off by the Nazis to a death camp.
As I had caught the most fish that day, I won a bottle of scotch, but my friends' wives viewed with some alarm our return bearing among us about fifty fluke, all of which needed cleaning and, of course, either eating or freezing.
The Australian , Rupert Murdoch's national daily, said Wednesday that if she failed to win, the Indonesian economy could be halted by strikes and popular unrest.
Yet Arafat remains popular --he won 88 percent of the vote in last year's presidential elections, and recent polls estimate his public-approval ratings at about 65 percent.
Byatt's collection of fanciful tales wins the hearts of most critics, although all admit that some stories don't quite work.
It was 11 years since he had won a tournament.
Al Gore is 9-5 to win, and Bill Bradley is 7-2 (bet $2 to <b>win</b> $7).
In the New Republic , Nicholas Lemann reads Dick Morris' book, Behind the Oval Office: <b>Winning</b> the Presidency in the Nineties , as the tragic tale of a triangle of unrequited love.
Australian Prime Minister John Howard came under strong attack both at home and in Asia for his failure to curb the political momentum of the racist, anti-Asian One Nation Party, which won nearly a quarter of the votes in elections in Queensland this weekend.
Pitcher Roger Clemens shut out the Braves into the eighth inning, leading the Yanks to a 4-1 win.
(Click here to buy the album that won them a Grammy last year.)
The completely unsentimental spin: It's the tournament's worst winning score in a decade.
Still, critics say the daughter has inherited the father's "gift for fine, lapidary prose [and] carefully controlled language" (Michiko Kakutani, the New York Times ). The book wins praise largely because of its keen rendering of the self-indulgent '70s.
The New York Times highlighted three prizes won by the New York Times . Eventually, all three papers got around to acknowledging that the Grand Forks Herald had <b>won</b> the top prize for its coverage of last year's North Dakota floods and fires.
She and her colleagues could trust him to win peace without appeasement.
Bacall's performance has echoes of her Tony Award- winning Margo Channing role, all patrician bite and bluster.
The winning firm won't ultimately get as much oil as their engineers promised, meaning the firm paid too much.
She wins the admiration of her peers for landing the rake and he <b>wins</b> by landing the filly who was known as impossible to break.
Commentators agreed that, unlike the British Labor Party, the Socialists won on an unreformed welfare-state platform: creating 350,000 government jobs without raising taxes, and cutting weekly work hours to 35 without cutting salaries.
4 We actually did win.
"Over time, U.S. politics gravitate towards the middle, and extreme views seldom win," it said.
With these initial victories won by the middle of 2002, the global conflict against Islamist terrorism became a different kind of struggle.
1. Deputy Director Maxim Thorne says the plan would threaten innovative programs that have expanded the range of services offered, and won awards and broad community support.
Lying at the western end of the Bay of Naples — reached by ferry or hydrofoil from Naples and Pozzuoli — the island has won the overwhelming favor of German and Scandinavian tourists and package tours in the summer, thanks to thermal springs, fine sandy beaches, and good facilities for watersports.
Many Bermudian businessmen and sailors were paid in money that became worthless after the Unionists won the war.
The difference is that the computer decides when you win, not pure chance.
If both the dealer’s hands win, you <b>lose</b>.
Ironically, the Hancock tower enriched the church when the church won $11.
They were joined by a swarm of spies of all conceivable nationalities, and Macau won a name for international intrigue.
According to Alexander, the LSSM attorney won the case and the woman did not have to pay for the shoddy plumbing, nor did she have to pay any attorney fees.
Included was one to Anheuser-Busch whose "Buy the Beer, Get the Gear" campaign required drinking 27,000 bottles (or cans) of beer in six months to win a pool table.
A year later, Richard the Lionheart, one of the leaders of the Third Crusade, won back Akko (Acre) but failed to regain Jerusalem.
Good spin wins the issue of the day, but great spin goes further.
The design for the new building was the subject of a competition won by Spanish architect and designer Enric Miralles.
In her 18-year career, Krone won 3,541 races, earned over $80 million in prize money, and broke more than a dozen bones.
A three-year study of various sites was conducted by a consortium of government and private interests, and the deserted island of Cancún won out: not only was it a beautiful spot, but its use would revive the flagging economy of the Yucatán and finally bring Quintana Roo into the fold.
Cohen has faced down two generals who bucked his authority, but hasn't won (and will never <b>win</b>, the article predicts) the full confidence of high-ranking officers.
Ernie Els alone among the final four had won an Open, but was a vanilla man, plain-looking and apparently without any emotions whatsoever.
Does the prospect of even lengthier absences, should she win, daunt her?
He was also nominated for three other Academy Awards and has won four Golden Globes, three New York Film Critics Circle Awards and two Directors Guild Awards.
Veteran Belgian documentarians Luc and Jean-Pierre Dardenne win acclaim for their film about a 15-year-old boy's pledge to a dying Ghanaian immigrant to look after his family.
Archer won about $750,000 in damages against tabloid newspaper the Daily Star after it alleged that he had consorted with a prostitute.
Behind the Oval Office: Winning the Presidency in the Nineties
They have won the title in each of the league's three years.
) Despite the winning combination of Will Smith and director Barry Sonnenfeld, who struck gold together with 1997's Men in Black , critics say the cast can't overcome the horrendous script.
see somebody from California i don't even know who won the pennant last year
He won more support than in Athens and planted the seeds of a very successful early Christian church.
Tory Prime Minister Brian Mulroney won the Québécois over in 1987 with an accord recognizing them as a “distinct society.”
The modern building wins few admirers, but there is a free tour (Sunday and Thursday, 8:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. ) and you can watch the debates (Monday through Wednesday, 4:00 to 7:00 p.m. ). Passports needed for both.
Its refined façade of delicate inlaid colored marble and intricately carved friezes has won it the name of “golden jewel box” (scrigno d’oro), its local designer Pietro Lombardo more sculptor than architect.
In 1826 Richard Barrett won £800 in a competition when the house’s entryway was selected as the best mile of macadam road in Jamaica.
You can keep the money you've won so far, or risk it on this follow-up: What is the overall tally in those 21 cases?
Marcia Clark won the argument in the name of the Brown and Goldman families, actually with some help from a book I had just published on victims’ rights.
Contributing members of the winning classes will receive an <b>added</b> bonus, of a tuition waived registration to a nonrestricted CE Course, at the dental school during the 1991-92 academic year.
Sharif came back to his earlier proposal and won approval for U.S. assistance in training a Pakistani special forces team for an operation against Bin Ladin.
If only one of the dealer’s hands wins, the game is a “push” (tie), and no money changes hands (this happens more often than not).
He established himself as a premier residential architect, winning commissions in the United States and abroad and receiving numerous design awards.
To this day, I congratulate myself for picking low-seeded Louisville, out of 64 teams, to win the 1986 NCAA title.
It was to these same shores that Marco Polo claimed to have journeyed at the end of the 13th century, where he won the support of Kublai Khan.
Who wins a Jesse "The Body" vs.
The partition of Poland collapsed in 1918, and Poland’s bid for independence won the support of American president Woodrow Wilson and the Bolshevik government in Russia.
We cannot bring class-action suits, and we cannot ask for attorney's fees when we win a case.
He and John Mead Howells won a celebrated international architectural competition for the Chicago Tribune tower in Chicago with a handsome Gothic design based on the Butter Tower of Rouen Cathedral.
Martina Hingis and Pete Sampras won the women's and men's tennis championships at Wimbledon . Sportswriters lionized Hingis as a Wunderkind (she's 16, the youngest Wimbledon champ in a century) and Sampras as arguably the greatest player ever (he's on track to shatter the record for men's grand slam titles).
The chivalry of the winning general, the exhaustion of the loser, the less disguised emotions of their retinues, the array of upraised lances, and the burning landscape communicated a profound pathos.
In Algeria, where in 1991 Islamists seemed almost certain to win power through the ballot box, the military preempted their victory, triggering a brutal civil war that continues today.
The argument was close, but in the end the advocates of state power won in the Supreme Court the battle they could not <b>win</b> on the killing fields.
In 1968, a new constitution was adopted to make self-government more representative and effective; elections were won by the United Bermuda Party.
This contrasts with the auction provisions in the existing Section 416 providing for a declining price auction where winning bidders purchase allowances at their bid prices.
Jerry Springer: Too Hot for TV , a video compilation of the show's worst moments, has won a cult following and sold 500,000 copies by mail order.
Demands for reform won the support of the emperor, but his notoriously scheming aunt, the Empress Dowager Cixi (Tz’u Hsi), edged him off the throne.
20A nonsaver could get lucky and receive an inheritance or win the lottery.
It has been known since the seminal work of Jacob and Monod in and , work for which they won the Nobel Prize, that genes can turn one another on and o.
7. Steve Forbes: He wants me to win, and I want him to say more about his father's sex life; we're both going to be disappointed.
But the authorities firmly resisted foreign connections until British gunboats won an invitation.
A chart on the screen lists the payoff of your winning hand and, as with slots, the more you bet, the better the payoff.
Both had their eye on the prize real estate, so it was agreed that whoever could come up with the more useful gift for mortals would win.
This time the plundered vessels were American, but not all the victories were won by the privateers.
Two years later, the regime lifted martial law after the Pope’s second visit to Poland, and Lech Walesa won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983, familiarizing the world with the struggles of Polish workers.
Less than two months after Louisiana won its statehood, the United States went to war with Britain — for the second and last time.
Many Kyushu daimyo adopted Christianity as a means of winning favor with the Portuguese traders, without necessarily abandoning their Buddhist beliefs or Shinto practices.
Local master artist Tintoretto (1518–1594) won a competition to create for the hall some 50 paintings (the largest collection of his work anywhere) over a period of 23 years, a series comparable in grandeur to Giotto’s frescoes in Padua’s Scrovegni Chapel or Florence’s Brancacci chapel by Masaccio.
Predictably, Dadu received yet another name, Beiping (“Northern Peace”) but had to wait more than 50 years to win back its imperial status and a fresh name.
On 25 March 1821, Archbishop Germanos raised a new blue-and-white banner in Patras in the Peloponnese and declared independence, but it took 11 years and some formidable foreign help for the Greeks to win their war against Turkish rule.
Dole may not win, but maybe now he won't be disgraced.
Charles was enthusiastically received when he landed in Catalonia, but Philip, supported by France, won the war and became the first Bourbon ruler as Philip V. After a 13-month siege, on 11 September 1714, the royal army captured and sacked Barcelona.
Denver Broncos quarterback John Elway is retiring . He won the last two Super Bowls and holds the National Football League records for games <b>won</b> (148) and game-winning or game-tying drives in the fourth quarter (47).
The region has won world recognition in the vanguard in the arts, of modern design of clothes and furniture, and of the automobile and communications industries.
But Buchanan deems it "a legitimate war of containment that could have been won in half the time ...
Most of the gambling in Las Vegas is concentrated along the Strip, where nearly twenty major casinos in excess of 100,000 sq ft (9300 sq m) beckon passers-by to lighten their pockets a little and take the chance that they may be among the few who will win the “Big One. ”
"He has won the right to privacy for his successors.
Rome was plundered by imperial armies in 1527; the Medici were driven out of Florence and returned to power only under tutelage of the Spanish, who won effective control of the whole country.
The tough little runabout has certainly won an accolade from the motoring press.
Among its scientists, Robert Koch won a Nobel prize for his discovery of the Tuberculosis bacillus, and Max Planck headed the new Kaiser Wilhelm Society for the Advancement of Science (later named the Max-Planck-Institut), with Albert Einstein as director of the physics department.
Both USAT and the WP report his case for pressing on sans Paula: "If you lie under oath, if you intimidate a witness, if you seek otherwise to obstruct the process of justice, it doesn't matter who wins and <b>loses</b> in the civil case."
But it is in terms of hard, everyday reality that Indians and Inuit have insisted upon, and won the autonomy of partial provincial status for the Yukon and Northwest Territories.
By 1970, the war was won militarily--or almost <b>won</b>.
While sending out armies to destroy the Buddhist monasteries and confiscate their lands, he simultaneously fostered Christianity to win adepts away from the Buddhist faith.
At 30-1, he was the longest long shot to win the Derby since 1940 and was only the second horse to <b>win</b> from the 16 th post in this century.
The northwest corner of the island, in total contrast, is almost untouched by tourism, and environmentalists are winning supporters who want it declared off-limits for development.
In 1982, Wallace won his last race for governor with a quarter of the black votes cast in the Democratic primary, a fact alluded to in a written epilogue at the end of the film.
Meanwhile, the British clerk-turned-soldier Robert Clive won a long campaign against the French for Madras.
Election news: 1) Chicago Mayor Richard Daley won re-election with more than 70 percent of the vote.
Islam won its place in Malaya not by conquest — as had been the case in North Africa and Europe — but by trade, dynastic alliances, and peaceful preaching.
The Hendroids won?
Keen to win the allegiance of the Hindus, Akbar abolished most of the discriminatory taxes on non-Muslims, and recruited Rajputs for his army after marrying a daughter of Raja Bharmal of Amber, (though he did not flinch at massacring another 8,000 Rajput soldiers).
When they won the pools, the leader said, It's great.
; if an important match has just been won, look out.
We're winning, Milosevic is <b>losing</b>, and he knows it.
Its grace and style have won it the nickname of “grand dame of cathedrals. ”
Running for president these days means convincing everyone that you're going to win until they don't believe you, at which point you must persuade them that you're behind.
see somebody from California i don't even know who won the pennant last year
On 27 October 1827, the Greek revolution was won, but the last Turks weren’t evicted from the Acropolis until 1833.
Erich Honecker’s regime won international diplomatic recognition for East Berlin as its capital and, with gleaming hotels and skyscrapers, tried to give it a lustre to rival West Berlin.
Variations can be found in Bonnie and Clyde (1967), The Parallax View (1974), Reds (1981), and Bugsy (1991), but the real precursor to Bulworth is Heaven Can Wait (1978), in which the soul of a young buck enters the body of a square old white guy, who wins over skeptics and then is cruelly cut down.
Al Gore is 9-5 to win, and Bill Bradley is 7-2 (bet $2 to <b>win</b> $7).
He won two Pulitzers (for On Human Nature , 1978, and The Ants , 1990).
Richard Shelby, R-Ala., concluded, "I'm not sure we have the will to win."
Had they 'won'?"
The U.S. team won every major end-of-the-year award.
And paradoxically, they will have a more productive two years if they don't win than if they do.
The WP puts Kosovo inside and goes with word that the DOJ and 19 states are deep in discussion about what to do with Microsoft should the government win its antitrust case.
Secrets to the game's success: nicer ballparks with better food; the chase for the home run, RBI, and winning percentage records; and likable stars such as Mark McGwire and Ken Griffey Jr.
However, if elections are won by Authenticity + Balls (your version of my Happiness + Guyism), then Ventura looks like a winner, doesn't he?
Many golfers win just one tournament in their entire career--some minor Kmart Classic sort of thing--and even the golfers who are good enough to <b>win</b> the majors tend to <b>win</b> only one or two.
Gehry wins praise for his idiosyncratic, "cartoonish" style--the New York Times ' Herbert Muschamp calls his innovations reminiscent of Frank Lloyd Wright.
Fred, ' 1 wanting 2 to win 3 by 4 playing hard, practised more 5 than I, 6 who knew 7 he stank.
Two biographies--the first serious ones since 1928--win praise for rescuing the colorful Woodhull (1838-1927) from historical oblivion.
Second, whereas traditional foreign policy has focused on winning respect from foreign governments, we will need to focus more and more on <b>winning</b> the respect of foreign peoples.
Just before the impeachment votes, a Democratic motion to bring a censure proposal to the floor also failed (defeated 230-204), winning support from only two Republicans: Maryland's Connie Morella and New York's Peter King.
The media responded with worshipful saturation coverage, reciting his records (six championships, 10 scoring titles, five Most Valuable Player Awards, and the highest per-game scoring average ever) and replaying highlights, especially his final shot, which won last year's championship.
But if I am standing there [in a ring], there is no way I can win ...
David Trimble, the province's designated first minister in a devolved government, was warmly praised in both Britain and the Irish Republic for having won the agreement Saturday of 58 percent of his Ulster Unionist Party to share power with republican Sinn Fein, its traditional enemy.
(The Templeton Prize helped its founder win a knighthood in 1987.
As chairman of the suitably named Phoenix Pictures, he is once more making films, including one that might win an Oscar, The People vs.
McGreevey, who came from behind to win the primary by a slim 2 percent, painted his opponent as a Newt Gingrich Democrat who had voted to cut Medicare and the school-lunch program and deprive children of vaccines.
Life Is Beautiful, written and directed by and starring Italian Roberto Benigni (he starred in Down by Law , 1986), has won international acclaim for wedding sentimental, Chaplinesque slapstick to a story that finishes up in a concentration camp with Jews being gassed and roasted.
I have a rule about who wins the presidency, too.
would be considered an organic intellectual according to Gramsci, someone who in a democratic society tries to gain the consent of potential customers, win approval, marshal consumer or voter opinion.
What can I do to win this girl's affections?
Fortunately,  Slate  has a special Father's Day offer: Buy a Web TV®Plus (a $285 value), and Dad will be entered in a sweepstakes to win a fabulous $19.
American cyclist Lance Armstrong won the Tour de France.
In the matter of corruption and the Olympic Games, the Sydney Morning Herald claimed an exclusive Saturday with a front-page lead story claiming that Sydney only won the right to host the 2000 Olympics by offering $50,000 inducements to two African members of the International Olympic Committee just hours before the vote.
describes the clamor for negotiators to return the Nobel Peace Prize they won last year.
The way to win is to shoot pars--on the fairway, on the green, two-putt for par, go to the next hole.
) The Republican Party's opposition to Bill Lann Lee and skepticism about immigration have alienated once-friendly Asian voters, says an article: George Bush won the Asian vote by 27 points in 1992, but Bob Dole <b>won</b> it by only five points in 1996.
If the candidate wins, you get a dollar for each share you own.
"Reliable Source" quotes Vernon Jordan's Gridiron Club gala comment about Hillary Clinton's Senate prospects: "I'm praying, of course, that Hillary will win.
Lewis won the close bout in a unanimous decision , making him the first undisputed titleholder since 1992.
What does it take to win an election?
In the mid-'60s, when Dylan was at his peak, Herb Alpert was winning Album of the Year awards.
5) The whole investigation of Clinton's means of winning re-election is a distraction from the real scandal: that he intends to do nothing with the job.
Actually, we have both won; and when the game of grammar is played with a sense of enjoyment and humor, everyone can be a winner.
The lowest-common-denominator approach its creators take to solving the problems of today's heterogeneous computer systems is highly controversial, and not just because Microsoft and Intel (who have the most to lose if the Java approach <b>wins</b> out) say so.
The WP discloses that Albright did win aircraft staging permission from Kuwait and is likely also to get green-lighted by Bahrain, which she visits next.
By the time she was finished, one could only conclude that Bill Clinton was predestined to win re-election.
"The Chanel Under the Chador" examines Iran's growing "Islamic feminist" movement: Women in the elite are battling quietly to secure a modicum of gender equity--the right to divorce, take maternity leave, win custody of children, play sports, etc.
"Every candidate that I've observed in a race, if winning is the only objective, they always end up doing something ," he told me.
Because you know which teams are successful before you begin your analysis--those that win--you can use mathematics to identify similarities among those winning teams.
And if politicians believe that an election is "rigged," in the sense that the favorite will probably win regardless of expenditures, they'll buy fewer campaign commercials.
Because he's not desperate to win, and because he's thoughtful, he can speak the truth.
Kasich won a full-throated cheer from the New York Times Magazine .
When he has won, he has <b>won</b> spectacularly.
It's a one joke movie, but the one joke is good, and the actors are great: "Laughs battle formulas and laughs win" (Jay Carr, the Boston Globe ). As the mob boss, "De Niro parodies his own persona with huge relish" (Joe Morgenstern, the Wall Street Journal ), and Crystal's put-upon analyst is refreshingly underplayed.
Clinton and the Democrats have won the tax issue so completely that congressional Republican leaders have now abandoned the 10 percent tax cut plan.
Today's installment focuses on the aspersions Toobin casts on Michael Isikoff, whose reporting of the Flytrap scandal won a National Magazine Award for Newsweek .
An exclusive report reveals that controversial feminist Naomi Wolf is advising the Gore campaign on how to win the women's vote.
George H.W. ran for Congress and won.
The charitable explanation is that they're thinking short-term, hoping to energize their base and win extra congressional seats in the November elections.
Meanwhile, leaders of the Christian right, whose aims are antithetical to those of libertarians, make the plausible claim that it is they who are winning converts and influence by the day.
But there are tough ones: I can usually win when I announce, to a stunned dinner table, that Garrick Utley is not Canadian.
They are winning the science prizes and scholarships.
And while he hasn't rubbed his game wing directly in Clinton's draft-dodging face in pursuit of votes, he'll probably do whatever it takes to win if he's woefully behind in October.
In this case, George W. Bush would be a fool to allow that to happen even if he stood a chance of winning a judgment against St. Martin's.
Other stories profile a superagent winning mammoth contracts for his baseball player clients, a rookie quarterback learning how to play the endorsements game, and NBA Commissioner David Stern, who micromanages the league's <b>image</b>, coordinating everything from media coverage to promotional "sock giveaways."
Snip's choice B is a 10-percent chance of winning $5 million plus a 1-percent chance of <b>winning</b> nothing plus an 89-percent chance of <b>winning</b> $1 million.
She was a dilatory walker, with always the same quip: Slow and steady wins the race.
Issue 1 news is that, by winning in federal court and moving against Monica Lewinsky, Kenneth Starr lands on top this week.
An article counsels that Hillary Clinton must overcome the carpetbagger question and press-phobia to win the New York Senate race.
The daily New Vision of Uganda led its front page Wednesday with a report not mentioning the murders but stressing that 17 of the 32 abducted tourists had escaped, and it placed this next to an account of a 19-year-old Namibian woman winning the 1999 Face-of-Africa modeling contest at the Windhoek Country Club.
Party regulars worry that the same thing may happen again--Dornan will win the nomination and <b>lose</b> to the incumbent Democrat, Loretta Sanchez, in November.
, jilted Minnie Driver glared at ex-beau Matt Damon when he won his screenwriting Oscar and steered clear of the it-boy at the parties).
To win the practical war, you don't have to calculate perfectly.
But Democrats in South Carolina and in the national party don't really care how Fritz wins.
It even won a couple of awards.
Abbott, naturally, became a cult hero and won a guest spot on Friends . (Matua walked out of the ring.)
But the courts ruled that because cola was a common word describing what was in the beverage, any soda containing cola derivatives could be called a cola . Coke's trademark was upheld against Chero-Cola, Clio-Cola, Coca and Cola , and El-Cola ; ruled to be non-infringing were Koke, Dope, Cherry-Cola, Roxa-Cola , and Dixie-Cola . As for other sodas, Moxie won its case against Noxie , but Pepsi-Cola <b>lost</b> against Pep , as did Seven-Up against Cheer Up .
But had Dole won the election, our policy would almost certainly have remained the same.
Hunter S. Thompson once said of Circus Circus, the casino where craps players and flying trapeze artists mingle beneath a billowing canopy, that it was what hepcats all over the world would be doing on Saturday night if the Germans had won World War II.
Their candidate won thanks to a vocal minority.
Newsweek 's immense package wins on star power: The Rev.
Kennedy has the name and fundraising ability to win the Senate seat, but right now Rep.
"They are world champions, and they brought one and a half million people on to the Champs-Elysées, the most famous avenue in the world and the mythological residence of Greek heroes," said the normally restrained Le Monde, France's most serious newspaper, about the French soccer team, which won an unexpected 3-0 victory over Brazil in the World Cup final in Paris Sunday.
Consider the memorable statement made by the head of a ¥1.5 million winning pools syndicate.
Winning Entry, Rock Pomposity Sweepstakes:
Although it clearly won on overall preference points, Michelob Hefeweizen was the only beer not to have received a single "Best" vote.
But even if Clinton does win this time, some have admitted that his goals of long-term Medicare and Social Security stability may not be realized.
South African golfer Ernie Els won the U.S.
Then a third player acts as arbiter and decides which one wins (in this case, a butterfly, because the butterfly flaps its wings and sets into a motion a chain of events that ends with Rupert Murdoch slipping on a banana peel and falling into a cement mixer).
Yanks or Braves could win; IBM could go up or down.
If conservative Republicans are reckless enough to provoke an appropriations showdown, Clinton will probably win the public relations war, revive Democrats, and ward off Flytrap, exactly what Republicans fear most.
3 If you squint, it looks like we won.
Perhaps more than any other single issue, this won Clinton the 1996 election.
You know he really hates the press, and is forcing himself to try to win them over.
Herr Schroeder may have won over Germany's inherently conservative voters with his talk of a 'new centre,' but his election swings Europe firmly leftward."
After reading his gripping book, I'm more convinced than ever that his abnormal honesty isn't a calculated strategy for <b>winning</b> over the press.
So Reagan settled for keeping government domestic spending roughly constant, while he focused his energy on defense hikes aimed, as he put it, at inviting the Soviets into an arms race that they couldn't win.
The Chicago Bulls won their sixth National Basketball Association championship in eight years.
The Times of London led its front page with a Newsweek report of the Pentagon warning President Clinton that the Kosovo war cannot be won without the use of ground troops.
If only Lamar had won 3,500 more votes in the 1996 New Hampshire primary, he would have edged Bob Dole for second, driven Dole out of the race, and cruised to the nomination.
It wins credit for downplaying special effects in favor of story and "exploring the salutary effects of imminent doom" (Janet Maslin, the New York Times ). But it's said to be otherwise soporific, with too few action scenes and characters who seem oddly cavalier about their impending death.
Kate O'Beirne predicts Hillary will drop out of the race and wonders how she'll ever be able to run for president if she can't win New York.
The WP runs an op-ed by Henry Kissinger that denounces the ineffectiveness of America's current Iraq policy: "We win the battles, but Saddam Hussein is <b>winning</b> the wars," Kissinger says.
The Forgive and Forget strategy has this virtue for Republicans: It is the only way they're going to win a clean PR victory.
) The Republican Party's opposition to Bill Lann Lee and skepticism about immigration have alienated once-friendly Asian voters, says an article: George Bush won the Asian vote by 27 points in 1992, but Bob Dole <b>won</b> it by only five points in 1996.
A Texas manicurist, charging heart damage after taking a weight-loss cocktail called fen-phen, won a $23.3 million jury verdict Friday, fronts the LAT .
In a new retrospective, the Vienna modernist (1890-1918) wins critics' grudging respect.
The challenge now for the leadership is to build on these achievements and prove that it can win a popular mandate through the ballot box."
The winning designer went for the "ages and styles" theme, interpreted as such stock architectural elements as bridges, <b>windows</b>, and gateways.
The LAT sees the stonewall as a sign that Clinton is confident he'll win the case.
We've never won anything before.
2) The Arizona Cardinals made the playoffs for the first time in 16 years by winning their final game the same exciting way they <b>won</b> three other games down the stretch: on a field goal as time expired.
In a story titled "US fails to win right to bomb Kosovo," Britain's Independent commented Monday that the Kosovo Albanians' refusal to unilaterally sign on to the settlement frustrated U.S. attempts to corner Milosevic with the choice of accepting the peace package or facing airstrikes.
That's a good analogy to an election with many equally plausible candidates whose odds of winning might depend only on how much they spend compared with everyone else.
But neither a boy nor a girl ever won a professional championship at a younger age than she.
In a state lottery, your odds of winning depend only on how many tickets you hold compared with everyone else.
The paper said that "leaked documents" included a CIA assessment from January claiming that Milosevic has no stomach for a war he could not win.
The Dallas Stars beat the Buffalo Sabres to win their first NHL championship.
But President Clinton might win a few more increments of health-care reform, improvements in the welfare bill, the kind of tax cut he wants, and maybe even some sort of entitlement reform.
One of the worst features of American politics is the way we treat decent people who fail to win elections.
Wallace ran a harsher campaign in 1962--he did not, for instance, denounce the Klan, as he had in 1958--and won.
This documentary about a group of U.S. pilots who were held as POWs in the Vietnam War wins excellent marks from most critics: "engrossing and chilling" says Stanley Kauffmann in the New Republic ; Entertainment Weekly 's Gleiberman says, "You emerge shaken, with your perceptions--of Vietnam and of war in general--permanently enlarged."
Clinton regained his footing and won re-election in 1996 through a calculated centrism that is likely to remain his approach to politics for what remains of his elective career.
Led by OU neurobiology professor Scott Hooper, students beat back the law with a referendum that won by a 46-vote margin (1,506 in favor, 1,460 against).
Worse still, it deceives the people: Instead of emphasizing the truth of the business--the long, long odds--it emphasizes the unrealistic chance of winning big.
Brown, the city's first black mayor, won 65 percent of the vote in a runoff election with fellow Democrat City Supervisor Tom Ammiano.
Britain won, on average, 17 gold medals per Olympics in the five official games held in its imperial heyday before World War I. That average has dropped to only five medals per Olympics in the 17 held since.
Winning players won't accept the kind of bullying Parcells dishes out.
Springer has resorted to hawking Too Hot for TV videotapes featuring awkward nudity and grim violence-- Oprah , sans freaks, continues to win handily in the ratings.
The Washington Post wins big with its comprehensive China trip Web links page.
The Kings, who declared that their purpose was to win a jury's endorsement of their views, demanded only $100 in damages.
As I've stated before, I think Hillary will not run and Rudy will win.
But in 1993, pro-choicers won passage of a federal law protecting clinics from obstruction, on the reasoning that they're legal medical facilities.
But his execution may not win the requisite parliamentary approval, because Turkish politicians fear martyring him and sparking Kurdish unrest.
Tyrants, it seems, act up whether the United States has been winning or <b>losing</b>.
People who cross Lola's path are frozen in the frame, their futures telescoped in rapid-fire black-and-white snapshots: In one variation, a woman whom Lola bumps ends up destitute and prematurely dead; in another, she wins the lottery.
Here, for example, is a sample from the series that won Gerth a 1998 Pulitzer Prize for national reporting, announced last week:
In an age where computer guys are winning everywhere else, it's nice that Bill Parcells is still around to pound them on the gridiron.
He wins the title.
You left out just one thing: Bradley can't win.
One offers George W. 6-to-5 odds to win the White House (bet $5 and, if you <b>win</b>, get back that fiver plus an additional $6).
) The same Post poll that found Barry would win the 1998 Democratic primary also found that the vast majority of Washingtonians--two-thirds--preferred he not run.
He had won 16 consecutive races and been named Horse of the Year twice in a row.
It's too early to know whether Bill Bradley or Al Gore will win the Arizona Democratic Party primary on March 11, 2000.
He may have moderated his views to win, but he is mostly principled and mostly honest.
