How can I help you gentlemen?”
jar of dirt going to help?
With its spectacular, full-color photographs, compelling features and updates on the important work your membership helps us to accomplish, this award-winning publication alone is worth the modest gift!
We've helped people break free of the welfare cycle.
He descended a bit more and shouted, "Excuse me, can you help me?
You probably remember Krishna from his visits to our Bombay office when he was helping you on a few projects.
Help us put an end to scam!!!
We have a five step plan to help you succeed: ------------------------------------
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow, helping youth become strong, independent adults of tomorrow.
Door of a plastic surgeon's office: "We can help you pick your nose!
A Big Sister is a mentor, a friend and a role model, helping a young girl to develop the self-confidence and life skills necessary to become a responsible, productive and successful adult.
But thousands more animals are in peril of losing their lives -- you can help the ASPCA reach out to them by returning the enclosed reply form with your gift today.
The superior credentials of both doctors authenticate how they have devoted their lives to helping menopausal women.
They have managed to cut through all the hype and controversy that surrounds menopause in their latest book - a virtual makeover and guide that helps make the smoothest transition through this very natural occurrence in a woman’s life.
I will need your reply stating your readiness to help in seeing this through.
The feeling that you are a real partner in helping us achieve victories for wildlife is probably the biggest benefit of membership there is.
You can’t help but laugh.
Why am telling you all this because now my life in danger and well know that your stranger which you can help me out!!!
In the short while since Goodwill helped him find his job, Robert has learned to thoroughly clean a motel room in about 40 minutes.
Please sign your Citizens’ Advisory Ballot to demonstrate to our Alaska allies that you’re behind them; and send an urgent donation today to help them win this effort.
It may help a family stay together.
In his heart, he holds the unshakable conviction that the mission he helped organize saved America from disaster.
Through the years, I’ve managed to learn more about her past, and help her as she helped me.
It will also be used to help maintain the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships, including volunteer orientation and training and ongoing supervision and support by a professional staff.
Defenders hopes to raise at least $100,000 to help Alaskans For Wildlife, a coalition of Alaska citizens, win a citizens’ ballot initiative this November.
Relationship Education For Men Whatsamatta University's Seminars For Men Fall Catalogue Once again, the female staff at Whatsamatta University will be offering courses for men of all marital status in an attempt to help males and females understand each other better.
Your generosity will help people help themselves.
It’s all something you can’t help; it all comes to you… It’s internal, you can’t help it” (Woods).
Your generosity will help people help themselves.
Help Stop Premature Ejaculation!
“Now, how can I help the elegantly mannered friend of my Nepthys and his surprising young charge?
Help Stop Premature Ejaculation!
Artificial light sources can be used to supplement daylight, to help reset a person's internal clock to the correct new time zone when traveling.
The trouble is that Stephanopoulos himself helped propagate those lies in the first place.
We’ll also award more small grants through our Species Action Fund to help a wide range of animals, including whooping cranes, giant river otters, and Tibetan antelopes.
Since its re-organization, MCCOY has established its unique niche within the community by refraining from direct service programming and focusing on what it does best: helping to identify youth needs, convening groups of individuals and organizations which can address those needs, and moving toward collaborative solutions.
ALAN GRANT Great, how does that help us?
This is positive proof that Big Sisters one-to-one mentoring program helps change lives.
You will be making a world of difference in helping us continue to fight for the species that can’t fight for themselves.
According to a senior CIA officer who helped devise the overall strategy, the CIA provided intelligence, experience, cash, covert action capabilities, and entrée to tribal allies.
Your reward will be the wag of a tail you’ll never see, the soft purr you’ll never hear -- and the warm joy of knowing you were there to help when you were needed.
Will you please join with me today to help save animals from pain, suffering, hunger, hunting and abuse?
The universities attract students from all over the world, and this influx helps to make Dublin a busy, buzzing international city.
Magna International Inc. 's chief financial officer, James McAlpine, resigned and its chairman, Frank Stronach, is stepping in to help turn the automotive-parts manufacturer around, the company said.
Won't you help make all of these successes possible?
Being a devoted christian family i have no other option than to use this amount is $22 million to help those that is in need.
Starke said the school was helping Easterling find housing.
If you choose to help, the necessary information follows so that you may contact this member directly.
Understanding the enzymatic mechanisms of the NTPDases will help description of their physiological functions, and development of strategies to regulate the functions of the enzymes.
You're last gift of $50.00 helped make it possible for us to provide guidance, encouragement and fun to nearly 400 Indianapolis area children.
We built our first hut more than 100 years ago in New Hampshire’s northern Presidential Range, and we helped protect the White Mountains so that they are still open to you now.
Because the ASPCA -- and the thousands of animals we help every year --need all the friends we can get!
I shall trade you the Compass, if you will help me...
This secret has been in my mind for close to a years now and I don't even know who to tell because I need someone to help me receive this money in a foreign account to enable me leave here peacefully.
He can’t help but give up control.
We need your support today to help us face off against a noisy chorus of anti-wildlife forces who oppose all efforts at commonsense environmental protection.
May God help us all.
Finally, I am now using this medium to tell you that, if you have also had any scam experience on-line or been a victim, please tell the center about it, how it happened that you got scammed, they will help you to refund your money or you can also help any close fellow you know around you that he or she has been scammed before, to help refund his/her money back from this paying center.
It’s our FREE gift to you for joining now and a charming reminder that your support helps NWF protect valuable wildlife species like this one.
Today we are asking you to take a few minutes to consider making a contribution to Pleasant Run to help the 1,500 children families we care for.
they also help purify our drinking water and prevent billions of dollars worth of flood damage.
However, our criteria for this BOF should be that it helps illuminate and define the problem and advances the understanding needed to define WGs, and I think it is more likely to do that than anything else we are likely to come up with.
Please help Goodwill and help people find jobs.
Please use the enclosed holiday gift wrapping paper and gift tags to help spread the word about our mission of conservation to your friends and family.
You and I have never been on particularly good terms, and I regret not burying that hatchet while you were still alive, but at the same time, I can't help but think that your passing adds a sense of closure to twelve years of horror.
Your gift of at least $5 or $10 or even $15, will help The HSUS save millions of animals.
Your contribution will help us rescue more animals like Astro ...
You have helped make Goodwill's work possible with your previous support.
RAGETTI: Tide's comin', that should help.
This is my Good luck that I found your post which is according to my search and topic, I think you are a great blogger, thanks for helping me outta my problem..
Why is it important for someone making "Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir" or "Sonoma Valley Zinfandel" to help promote "Sonoma County", a designation that has no ability to define the quality or character of the wines in my Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir or my Sonoma Valley Zinfandel?
You help Jameson campers reach for them.
And won’t you also please make a tax-deductible contribution of just $15 --or more if you are able -- to help save the dolphins, whales, sea turtles, and other amazing marine creatures who so desperately need support from all of us these days!
SCREEN - Helps keep the Skeeters off the porch.
Police stations, ICPC and the EFCC, all these commissions were in support of investigating my case and helped me out of the pains.
Although this might help explain the Judeo-Christian-Muslim tendencies to subjugate women, treating them essentially as chattel, it does not account for a similar treatment accorded them in other cultures, notably that of Japan.
Please accept the enclosed name stickers as our gift to you and use them to spread the word about the ASPCA and the animals we help -- thank you.
So please let me know what will be your compensation for helping me and my sister out?
I know that during difficult times, sometimes words emerge that can help people through difficult times.
Please NOTE that the earlier you help me the better as you will be doing God a great favor because our lives are no more safe with these people over here.
This will help you avoid any form of query from the Monetary Authority of your country.
I have attached my resume to help bring you up to date on my career.
After Maureen's job coach taught her how to do her job in a restaurant, we helped Maureen step out of the shadow sometimes cast over people with physical and mental disabilities and find a fulfilling job smack dab in the middle of society.
Beginning in 2014, "Sonoma County" will receive a tremendous boost in recognition due to the conjunctive labeling law that forces vintners to add more wording to their labels—whether they think the words "Sonoma County" help or hurt their marketing efforts.
Thank you again for helping point the way.
He knew what he would do, how he would help.
Agency provides direction and drive to career behaviour and helps to diffuse ambiguity by providing vision and long-term goals.
I am contacting you about a need I have and I believe you are well able to help me.
As the name suggests, local leaders wanted to instill the people of Youngstown with a fierce sense of urgency, driving them forward to confront steel companies and owners and help secure the future of the region.
It came in through my mother's blood; my Russian grandmother would always tell me stories, bylichkas, of ancestors with the "second sight", stupid mill owners who discovered bags of gold after letting a special fish off their hooks, and dark strangers who used to appear to help or interfere at crucial times.
You can help make positive changes in the lives of at-risk youth in central Indiana.
TIA DALMA: Den it helps.
saying he had violated Senate rules by accepting and failing to disclose expensive gifts from a former contributor to whom he repeatedly gave help.
ANAHEIM, Calif. -- The Anaheim Angels got help where they felt they needed it most, agreeing to trade for Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Alex Ochoa only hours before Wednesday's nonwaiver trading deadline.

I need help.
