Customary law in Colombia contrasts with Western law as it maintains a different perception of casual relationships: tying back to the indigenous concept of harmony, crimes are viewed as imbalances in the community's harmony and can often be traced back to those who did not perpetuate the crime, but may have influenced the accused to do so.
Some historians trace Palestinian landlessness to Palestine's entry into the world economy in the 1880s.
To show how enactment and associated principles of self-organising and learning come to life, we will trace the process of enactment in each setting.
Just as careers can be traced in the Valley through the development of technology and tightly knit project teams, in film a clear pattern also emerges that reveals micro-level organising shaping macro activity.
I sat sideways in the armchair, feet dangling over one arm, neck resting against the other, absently tracing invisible lines between the stars outside my window as I ruminated on the situation.
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age, trace the history of the Easter Rising, or revisit Leopold Bloom’s odyssey in Ulysses.
, and is your argument that we find and hold against their retrospective because there is some, at least plausible basis should so argument, to say that there can be a causal connection between the retrospective extension and some benefit that can be traced to those particular works through the retrospective extension, like dissemination? Is 
The complaint against Tokhtakhounov's traces his contact with figure skating to 2000, when he proposed to Gailhaguet the creation of a professional hockey team in Paris that would provide revenue for the French Skating Federation.
The complaint against Tokhtakhounov's traces his contact with figure skating to 2000, when he proposed to Gailhaguet the creation of a professional hockey team in Paris that would provide revenue for the French Skating Federation.
The best detail I've encountered is from the Los Angeles Times , which traced a crucial piece of Furrow's AR-15 assault rifle to Bushmaster Firearms in Maine.
The text says they are a favorite among criminals, but the stats go the other way: one box shows that SNSs only account for about 15 percent of all guns traced to crimes, and another shows that five of the nine models with the shortest time-in-existence-before-use-in-a-crime are not SNSs.
, royalties, sales of goods, or services); 3) tracing transactions handled with electronic money; and 4) identifying parties to transactions, and verifying records.
Rolling Stone 's cover story traces Stern's history from mediocre rock DJ to king of shock jocks.
Schama traces the history of women alienated by the crown: Anne Boleyn, Eleanor of Aquitaine, and Princess Caroline of Brunswick (who?)
Presumably, everyone in Washington is familiar with that picture; but since my correspondents obviously weren't, let me trace out the basics.
Nexis, the journalist's friend, allows us to trace the historical evolution of the term.
And yes, problems with paperwork made it difficult to trace the contaminated meat to its source.
Occasionally, we doctors find convincing evidence of abuse: cigarette burns, X-rays showing multiple fractures of varying age, bruises that trace the outline of a coat hanger, a stockinglike burn suggesting a foot plunged into and held down in hot liquid.
He flipped the sheet of paper over, rotated it 90 degrees, and traced the now-upright form of Tityus.
Banks' heart, it seems to me, is in the present: He is tracing the ancestry of contemporary black intellectuals to claim for them the title to a substantial tradition.
Note 6: Christopher Browning told me: "What's important about Finkelstein's critique is that he has traced the inconsistencies and contradictions in Goldhagen, and no one else has taken the time to do that.
The Wave: Generally traced to 1984 and the Seattle Kingdome, though some insist it dates to a 1983 University of Michigan football game.
The art historian Linda Nochlin has traced what she calls Degas' "perfectly ordinary" anti-Semitism to status anxiety.
But Staros is ultimately sent packing, and Malick never bothers to trace the effect of his action on the Guadalcanal operation.
Not that he has to around Theresa, who traces him through his stationery and shows up pretending that she's interested in boats.
"We've traced the call ...
A profile of Patricia Duff traces her career as a manipulative, self-destructive femme fatale . After she failed at three marriages and at attempts to leverage wealth and connections into a career as a political powerbroker, she wed Revlon CEO Ron Perelman.
In the big finale, as men and women in tiny swimsuits perform a nearly pornographic water ballet in a giant glass-walled tank, a row of topless showgirls roars onto the stage on Harley Davidsons while lasers trace American Icons--the Statue of Liberty, profiles of Washington and Lincoln, the flag-raising on Iwo Jima--onto the wings of the stage, and a 15-piece pit band plays Bruce Springsteen's "Born in the U.S.A." Greed, liquor, jingoism, bad taste, and utterly compelling entertainment.
Ruskin argues that posting the reports would allow citizens to trace patterns of influence.
These developments trace back to one Manhattan strip bar's attempt to avoid Rudy's wrath by admitting minors accompanied by adults.
That pronunciation can probably be traced to familial/regional roots, not to lazy mouth disease.
Professor Mellinkoff traces the verbosity of lawyers to the historical influences of primitive ritual, bilingual duplication, and payment by the word; certainly their Latin and French gave them a running start over competing professions.
Various other lists could have given the essential information about names based on words with meanings such as ford and wood . An index would have allowed names to be traced in alphabetical order.
Cockneys also used to call ten-shilling notes gennets , the origin of which I have been unable to trace.
Then Webster goes on to hint at the notoriety of the Tories by tracing the word Tory back to an Irish word meaning robber or bandit.
One of the most important wordplay books of the 20th century, it gives a name to letterplay and traces its evolution.
The silhouette for each individual pattern piece is generally traced or imprinted on a sheet of paper, which is called a “marker.”
The custom of offerings to saints goes back hundreds of years and can be traced to the Mediterranean among pre-Christian Greeks, Romans, and Iberians.
It is an ancient game that can be traced to medieval Spain, to a place called Zafra.
The United States has been less successful in persuading other countries to adopt financial regulations that would permit the tracing of financial transactions.
Like his nephew Ramzi Yousef (three years KSM's junior), KSM grew up in Kuwait but traces his ethnic lineage to the Baluchistan region straddling Iran and Pakistan.
These domains are widely distributed in all the 3 superkingdoms of life and can be traced back to the last ancestor of all life forms.
Neurite orientation was recorded by the macro by measuring the angle of the line traced over the neurite.The final measure of orientation for each neurite, the deviation from an orientation parallel to the longitudinal axis of the tract, is the acute angle between the neurite and the longitudinal axis of the tract without regard to the polarity of either.
The sections were digitized by tracing the contours of the lumen, the internal elastic lamella, and the external elastic lamella.
The ancestry of different Tlr4 alleles can be traced by haplotype analysis, as many deviations from the reference allele occur in conjunction with one another.
Similarly, one organization's central group was instrumental in acquiring a strong user authentication system to help ensure that network use could be reliably traced to the individual users.
On the other hand, if you are more concerned that ineligible cases have been included in the database and that as a result, the potential problems may be understated, you should consider tracing from the database back to source documents.
To trace a sample to source documents, match the entered data with the corresponding data in the source documents.
COMMON COST - The cost of resources employed jointly in the production of two or more outputs and the cost cannot be directly traced to any one of those outputs.
Justice Cynthia Kinser of the Virginia Supreme Court, keynote speaker for the celebration, said the concept of legal aid can be traced back to wording in England's Magna Carta, but the first version in this country was an 1876 program in New York to help German immigrants.
The position of Bishop of Rome as primate of the Western Church (pope derived from “papa,” the Latin word for father), first claimed in the second century, was later asserted by Pope Leo I (440–461), who traced the succession back to St. Peter.
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age, trace the history of the Easter Rising, or revisit Leopold Bloom’s odyssey in Ulysses.
Medieval penitents traced its path on hands and knees, from the circumference to the center, a symbolic spiritual journey.
Some 500, mostly ruins, can still be traced, but only 30 are visitable.
Away from the center, you can trace the town’s ancient beginnings in the Etruscan Guarnacci Museum (Via Don Minzoni, 15).
You can explore the central area of East Jerusalem’s modern business district, on Saladin Street, by tracing your steps back to the Old City Walls and Herod’s Gate.
The museum traces the dockyards’ 200-year history, displaying naval instruments, weapons, and some superb ship models from sail to steam, including the Aquitania ocean liner.
Visit the barracks, crime laboratories, and Centennial Museum, which traces Mountie history from the first clashes with gold-rush panhandlers to wartime reconnaissance and latter-day counter-espionage.
Unrestrained ocean waves and salty sea spray have wrecked huge chunks of the Malecón, the sumptuous promenade and roadway that traces the edge of the sea.
While Steely Dan and Frank Zappa strike me as tributaries pretty distant from the mainstream Miller was trying to trace, I think you're correctly suspicious of disco's absence--and not just as a high-point of decadence.
And I trace that false banana to the Nature's Plus Spiru-tein High Protein Energy Meal Banana Yogurt Coated Bar, which, although it ranked decently in terms of taste and texture going down, was no treat during the run.
In 1946, William Fielding Ogburn, the leading sociologist of social change, wrote a sober book, The Social Effects of Aviation , in which he sought to trace out the possible impact of airplanes for the remainder of the century.
In addition, some countries impose quotas on content such as books, movies, music, and software from abroad, but the origin of that content can be tough to trace in the thin air of cyberspace.
The three newsmagazines reconstruct the Heaven's Gate suicide, trace the cult's history, and link it to burgeoning New Age spiritualism.
The Standard traces the history of the Promise Keepers in a long article.
Carbon-dating traced the remains of Kennewick Man to between 7265 and 7535 B.C.
Much of this kind of behavior can be traced back to what Richard Hofstadter famously described as the "paranoid style" of the American Right.
What Cassidy in fact did in his article was to trace a line of influence between one of Arthur's early articles and the current claims of the Department of Justice against Microsoft.
The "MMF Hall of Humiliation" Web site traces the "Make Money Fast" chains to their origins and lists addresses and phones of the alleged originators, requesting that you spam them.
Clinton traced this tradition to Thomas Jefferson and called it "the fundamental story of our country."
Darger produced a lot of his little-girl pictures by tracing comic strips or magazine illustrations (on occasion he cut pictures out and stuck them on the paintings directly).
The editors, New York University's Catharine Stimpson and independent scholar Harriet Chessman, have done a perfectly fresh job assembling both canonical and neglected pieces to trace the evolution of this oddest of minds.
Stop tracing everything backward, looking always to the past for sources, explanations, and excuses."
The second is a version printed in a 1940 History of the USSR , looking less like a photograph than like an awkward charcoal tracing; the comrade on the left has been excised, having in fact been imprisoned prior to being shot.
Vampirism may be traced to the disease porphyria, which causes sunlight-averse skin, retracted gums, and red urine--leading to the blood-drinking myth.
"This newspaper tried to trace these documents in Moscow, but failed to find them in the government, the Security Council, the Federal Security Service, or the Foreign Ministry.
While sports analysts compared his greatness on the field with that of Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, commentators traced his celebrity to his courteous, humble, all-American, son-of-immigrants personality.
The company traced the problem to a preservative used on shipping pallets and a bad batch of carbon dioxide, neither of which presents a serious health threat.
An article traces the similarities between Edmund Morris' Dutch and a 1994 short story by Daniel Voll.
Bradley won the high ground on campaign reform by offering a comprehensive reform plan while teaming up with John McCain against a fund-raising system whose corruption McCain helpfully traced to the Clinton-Gore White House.
Good acting by Ann Bancroft in Deep in My Heart ( Sunday , 9 p.m.), which traces the odyssey of the mulatto daughter of a white rape victim, but who cares?
The poet William Cowper once wrote “philologists who trace/A panting syllable through time and space,/Start it at home, and hunt it in the dark/To Gaul, to Greece, and into Noah's ark.”
In the same piece, he traces savvy to Portuguese, which might be correct, but Mencken's American Language derives it from the Spanish sabe . Professor Kaye's nuance word is, at a guess, a suggestion from a word-processor's spelling checker which was derailed by nonce word .
.. rouat , or the cacophonous: chuchbachuch bauachuch bakaxichuch bazabachuch bachaxichuch bazetophoth bainchoooch . (Psycholinguists like F. Trojan even trace relationships between word sounds and word meanings, the deep, dark vowels like o and u having an awesome, threatening, secretive nature on the one hand, and on the other the lighter ones like e and i often referring to the gentler, pleasanter things--whether in Indo-European or Chinese phonetics.)
When I first read [in XX, 3, BIBLIOGRAPHIA that A Dictionary of American Proverbs contains data on the recording of the proverbs and that it contains historical information on earliest appearances: for example, Money is the root of all evil is traced to Aelfric's Homilies (c. 1000), I assumed that the original statement, The love of money is the root of all evil, was not being traced back there.
The best explanation for the name Beatles can be traced directly to the music that influenced Lennon, McCartney, Harrison, and Sutcliffe at the time and to their music idol, Buddy Holly.
Such quality is difficult to achieve with hand layout and manual tracing of the silhouette onto the marker cloth.
Joseph Henry Jackson’s work traces the history of the legend, claiming all the information came from the John Rollin Ridge version and that he should be credited with starting the “fictitious” legend.
My account seeks to unite the divergent strains of all religions that trace their roots to the original idea in Exodus of a nation living under God and under law.
In this chapter, we trace the parallel evolution of government efforts to counter terrorism by Islamic extremists against the United States.
The alignment itself is recovered by tracing the individual optimal steps backwards through the matrix, starting from cell ( N,M ). The algorithm is O(NM) in both time and memory.
The spatial extent of the tract was marked by tracing around the perimeter of the visible tract using the polygon tool.
The central projection of DiI and DiA traces fibers to the cochlear nuclei (Fig.
In contrast, radial columns of elongated fiber cells of uniform size and shape containing ball and socket interdigitations were observed in the posterior subcapsular region in 5 wk (Figure 4I), 46 wk (Figure 4L) and 72 wk (data not shown) wild type lenses, and fiber cells in contact with the posterior capsule could be traced back to the equatorial bow region and anterior epithelium.
By focusing on a period in which levels of competition were stable and where the change in the nature of competition can be traced to a specific legislative act, this study is able to test for the differential impact of price vs. quality competition, without confounding by other factors.
However, one point is clear based on our study-the basic or root causes of improper payments can typically be traced to a lack of or breakdown in internal control.
The reason to trace only a sample is because sampling saves time and cost.
But in attempting to trace entered data back to source documents, several problems can arise: Source documents may not be available because they were destroyed, were never created, or are not centrally located.
The error rate, in tracing to or from source documents, did not compromise reliability.
There are three methods of cost assignment: (a) directly tracing costs wherever economically feasible, (b) cause-and-effect, and (c) allocating costs on a reasonable and consistent basis.
A step beyond this issue is the question of tracking and tracing.
Before you dismiss all this as the mere “myth” of Japan’s origins, remember that the Japanese continued to trace the imperial dynasty directly back to those deities until Emperor Hirohito in 1946 denounced “the false conception that the emperor is divine. ”
Brahmins, the priestly caste, fill many of the top posts in the universities and administration; many Indian Army officers can trace their ancestry to the proud Kshatriya warrior caste; business is dominated by the merchant or Vaishya caste; and Shudras till the land.
While you are in the Jura, take the time to trace the Loue river and its tributary, the Lison, back to their cascading sources through the landscapes that inspired so many of Courbet’s paintings.
Archaeologists can trace their origins to the builders of the first cities, Harappa and Mohenjodaro, in the Indus valley.
Today, its factories and shops are an undeniable tourist trap, but the museum (Museo Vetrario) tracing the glass industry back to Roman times is worth a look.
The knee-high walls that trace the outline of this once luxury establishment are still clearly visible.
Scores of lighthouses along Nova Scotia’s south shore trace a sawtoothed route of coves that over the ages offered shelter to pirates, rum-runners, and fishermen.
Columbus’s routes and Canarian connections may be traced at the atmospheric Casa de Colón in Las Palmas (see page 55).
Havana’s suburbs are sprawling and grimy, but they contain a couple of places associated with Ernest Hemingway that are magnets for those seeking to trace the Nobel Prize winner’s life in Cuba.
A 1996 study commissioned by the FAA analyzed a decade's worth of inflight instrument-malfunction reports and could not trace a single incident to a cell phone.
The Post reports that Chinese diagrams of a miniaturized nuclear warhead--the W88, designed by America--contain a telltale measurement error that can be traced back to several weapons manufacterers in the U.S.
The LAT reports on its front page that President Clinton announced yesterday that Los Angeles will be added to a computerized law enforcement tracking system that helps cops catch illegal gun traffickers by tracing guns sold to juveniles.
11 East Asian Trade: Many trace the dive to economic slumps in Malaysia, Thailand, the Philippines, and Indonesia--which together buy 4 percent of all American exports.
VF traces Andrew Cunanan's bloody trail from San Diego to Minneapolis to Chicago to Miami.
(He traces the lives of eight student leaders, including Washington, D.C., Mayor Marion Barry and Georgia Rep.
No one has yet traced these abuses to the president himself.
Well, the USDA said this was a big deal because 1) Hudson was "reworking" past days' meat into current production and 2) Hudson's record-keeping was so sloppy that the contamination couldn't be traced back to the real source--one of half a dozen slaughterhouses.
Yet, in public discussion of youthful suicide, we're often unwilling to trace it to such causes and try to place blame elsewhere--on television, music, movies.
To produce his bizarre painting The Courtesan (1887), van Gogh enlarged the traced image, replaced the subdued blacks and grays of the kimono with bright complementary reds and greens, and added a fantasy Japanese background of storks and frogs borrowed from other Japanese prints.
They trace the web of conversations that brought their ideas to the office of Bob Taylor, Licklider's successor.
But each moment remains significant only as it traces the trajectory of his spiritual deterioration.
But to trace the lineage of Raising the Roof, one must understand the history of the sports gesture itself.
Seth Stevenson's "Signs and Wonders" incorrectly traces the lineage of "Raising the Roof."
An article traces a family of impassioned Albanian gun-running fighters from Brooklyn, N.Y., to Kosovo, where they support the rebel Kosovo Liberation Army against Serbian oppression.
2) By tracing the virus's journey from chimps to humans, we can learn how to recognize dangerous viruses earlier and prevent another HIV-type epidemic.
A sidebar traces political attitudes toward women's bodies, from Margaret Sanger to ...
The company traced the problem to a preservative used on shipping pallets and a bad batch of carbon dioxide, neither of which presents a serious health threat.
Paleoanthropologists examining the skull have traced its origins to Indonesia and presume it to be that of a Homo erectus.
It didn't take long to trace the sudden interest in Twain's bovine toilette to the Nov. 2 edition of London's Daily Telegraph . The Star 's Carolyn Callahan was apparently so enamored of the interview Twain gave to the Telegraph that she tried to replicate it exactly: The first five quotes from Twain in her piece are identical to those in reporter Judith Woods' original, although Woods and the Telegraph are never mentioned.
… An article weighs David Hockney's ingenious theory that Ingres and Caravaggio used refracting technology to trace the outlines of their subjects.
The name has been traced back as far as 1814, and one theory is that it was the local term for a junction of two roads.
Thus evolution of meanings assumed by strain can be easily traced.
It is good to have the name traced back through the different languages to its Hebrew original; but the inclusion of just two literary Susans (out of what must be hundreds) tells us little, except perhaps that the name was already in general English use in the early 17th century.
A writer of dictionaries; a harmless drudge, that busies himself in tracing the original, and detailing the signification of words.
Hendrickson cannot be held accountable for failing to trace many of the expressions to their source: even though many are not much more than a hundred years old, there is no way to document them.
He has witnessed it evolve through the work of many people, he has written many articles about it himself, and now he has traced its development with the precise logic of a chessmaster of language.
Most of the preceding commentary has nothing whatsoever to do with the substance of Nineteenth-Century English, which traces the spread, growth, and increasing universality of the English language during that period.
The song actually goes back to early Mexican colonial history; it has been traced to 1790 when it was performed at the Coliseo Theatre in Mexico City.
The use of public walls for asserting a fraternal identity is really an ancient tradition, and within Chicano culture it can be traced back to at least the 1930s.
The difficulty, understood later, was that even if the intelligence community might "link" someone to a terrorist group through acquaintances or communications, the task of tracing the money from that individual to the terrorist group, or otherwise showing complicity, was far more difficult.
Participants noted that while the FBI had been given additional resources for such efforts, both it and the CIA were having problems exploiting leads by tracing U.S. telephone numbers and translating documents obtained in cell disruptions abroad.
This ubiquitous expression of EYFP or ECFP was heritably transmitted to the following generations (data not shown), resulting in ubiquitously expressing lines of mice that will be useful for lineage tracing in chimeric mice or embryos, analogous to the original ROSA26 lacZ promoter trap strain [ 21].
A contour was then traced around the perimeter of the crushed region, as assessed by its increased optical density, using the polygon tool provided by NIH Image.
Neurite orientation was defined as the angle of the line traced over the neurite.
In Equation 1, ƒ represents the image, G is a 2D Gaussian filleting operation, and the second directional derivative is taken along the normal vector n . Using this edge-detected image, the boundary was traced and the angles of its curvature recorded, as shown in Figure 2.
For extremely robust osteoclast cultures, manual tracing and digital quantitation of a photographed osteoclast area was the best measure due to extensive fusion and multinucleation between cells (Fig.
JEvTrace parent trace analysis, which relies on tracing the conservation of the progenitor sequences of a single selected node (Figure 3a), identified a number of neutral polar and hydrophobic amino acids conserved in the YbaK subclade on the conserved lysine face of YbaK (Figure 3a, top).
In deciding what and how to trace, consider the relative risks to the engagement of overstating or understating the conclusions drawn from the data, for example: On the one hand, if you are particularly concerned that questionable cases might not have been entered into the computer system and that as a result, the degree of compliance may be overstated, you should consider tracing from source documents to the database.
Consider tracing to source documents when (1) the source documents are available relatively easily or (2) the possible magnitude of errors is especially critical.
To trace a sample from source documents, match the source documents with the entered data.
Ancient Egypt’s complicated annals are filled with massive communal building projects and great individuals traced through many millennia.
On the east coast in Terengganu and Kelantan, the weaving and metalwork still practiced today trace their origins to this early colonization.
The consulting service of the office of Ireland’s Chief Herald will help you trace your own ancestry, and if you have a couple of thousand pounds to spare, you can apply for a grant of arms.
Macau’s oldest museum, the Maritime Museum (Wednesday–Monday 10am–5:30pm; admission HK$10, HK$5 children over 10) traces the history of Macau’s connection to the sea.
Today, a detailed map and portable sound-guides rented at the entrance (on the Via dei Fori Imperiali) will make sense of the apparent confusion and help you trace the layout of palaces, temples, and market halls.
Asakusa is the heart of Shitamachi, the quarter best-beloved of that fractious, gossipy, prodigal population called the Edokko, who trace their “downtown” roots back at least three generations.
Fur-trading coureurs de bois settled down with Indian wives, and today more than a few Québécois proudly trace their ancestry back to native peoples with a tell-tale birthmark on the hip, high cheekbones, or long sleek black hair.
Excellent explanatory panels trace the growth of these majestic trees.
Many can be traced far back into the islands’ history.
The Museo Arqueológico de la Costa Grande, located near the eastern end of Paseo del Pescador, traces the history of this area from pre-Hispanic times, when the place was known as Zihuatlán, through the colonial era.
Earlier in the week, the paper (and others) ran a glorious photo of President Clinton following through on a swing, his cheeks inflated Dizzy Gillespie-style, eyes intently tracing the ball's path.
The writer traces Fidel Castro's behavior through a sordid four-and-a-half year international tug-of-war for his own son.
Some historians trace Palestinian landlessness to Palestine's entry into the world economy in the 1880s.
VF traces Andrew Cunanan's bloody trail from San Diego to Minneapolis to Chicago to Miami.
An article traces a promising development in the search for an AIDS cure.
A "Tangled Web" column by Slate 's Seth Stevenson traces the path of the story from Drudge, to the Internet as a whole, to television--and only then to the newspapers.
But over the course of a generation, activists and bureaucrats have manufactured a single race out of a diverse mass of several million people whose origins can be traced to dozens of countries.
Last fall, Morris gave an interview to the Door , the world's funniest evangelical humor magazine, in which he traced the arc of this sort of spiritual/professional recovery.
(The two dailies don't trace the story back to the Drudge Report .) CNN goes to Defcon1, with constant updates, and so do the wire services.
There are only two works on paper in the show: an image of a geisha derived from a Japanese woodblock print on the cover of Paris Illustré of 1886, and van Gogh's virtuoso tracing of its outlines.
Still life, that most humble of the classical genres, traces its origins to a legendary painting contest.
Out of sight at the back, the grainy tracing around the stones is held up on a continuous gallery of supports rising from another tracery that lies against the body.
In attempting to "walk back the cat" (to use the increasingly prevalent argot of the intelligence services for tracing a chain of events backward to establish a point of origin), I have found yadda - yadda - yadda strands in episodes of Seinfeld and Home Improvement . The most compelling manifestation, though, is in an advertisement for Converse athletic shoes featuring images of Kevin Johnson of the Phoenix Suns that was aired on national television during last spring's basketball championships:
I trace my lineage back to Joseph, Solomon, the Delphic Oracle, Cassandra, Adam Smith, and Benjamin Franklin.
And since we can't trace the paternity of her other children because there are no male descendants, the likelihood that the paternity was from other men is as likely as any other possible answer, now that we know that she had her first child by a non-Jefferson family member, i.e., that she had children by at least two different men from different families.
Scientists say they have found the source of HIV . They traced HIV-1, the virus that has caused most of the AIDS epidemic, to a related virus carried by an African chimpanzee subspecies.
While sports analysts compared his greatness on the field to that of Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, commentators traced his celebrity to his courteous, humble, all-American, son-of-immigrants personality.
But reviving Shylock--without a trace of historical awareness--to amuse uncomprehending children seems obviously vicious rather than funny.
Director François Girard ( Thirty-Two Short Films About Glenn Gould ) hits the musical theme again in this "odd, piquant tale" (Lisa Schwarzbaum, Entertainment Weekly ) that traces the peregrinations of a priceless 17 th -century violin.
A book excerpt traces the roots of the SAT.
… The issue is packed with remarkable historical tidbits: One article traces the rise of total war to Napoleon's conquest of Zaragoza.
Coulmas's clear exposition of the history of writing systems traces the development of various kinds of writing systems--ideographic, pictographic, morphemic, syllabic, phonemic, and phonetic--through history, discussing them individually, describing how certain ancient scripts were deciphered, and presenting his cogent arguments for regarding at least some aspects of language through the analysis of writing.
In an issue of N. & Q . not two weeks later, in commenting on a correspondent's plea for help in tracing the form irpe , Skeat wrote:
An interesting consequence of this aboriginal foundness for nicknaming is that several of the oldest and best-known Indian team names can trace their deepest roots--and in some cases their actual origins--to the exploits and linguistic customs of Native Americans themselves.
I supposed that since the quote is given as Money is the root of all evil, the editors of the Dictionary were tracing back the American misquotation-as-proverb that one usually hears.
Where the Beatles got Silver from is harder to trace.
Markers are made by hand, tracing pattern pieces onto sheets of paper from thick, pre-cut cardboard pattern elements.
It is a well-known symbol among Chicanos and has been traced to the era of the pachucos (1940s urban youth), hence its name.
The mid-nineteenth century was a time in which the nations of the West, tracing their lineage to common linguistic and historical roots, built political movements grounded in a shared national identity.
Another set of experiences that would affect the capacity of the CIA to cope with the new terrorism traced back to the early Cold War, when the Agency developed a concern, bordering on paranoia, about penetration by the Soviet KGB.
The traced longitudinal axis as well as both rectangular regions drawn over the uncrushed segments were recorded by the macro program.
Neurite length was assessed by tracing the neurite using the straight-line tool in NIH Image.
DiI tracing from the brainstem was performed as previously described [ 41 ] . Small filter stripes soaked with saturated DiI were implanted into the efferent fiber bundle near the floor plate or into the ascending or descending afferents in the alar plate [ 42 ] . After appropriate diffusion time of the dye, the ears were dissected and mounted flat for visualization in an epifluorescent microscope.
We were interested in identifying other such functionally versatile β-rich folds that could be traced back to the early stages of life's evolution.
In deciding what and how to trace, consider the relative risks to the engagement of overstating or understating the conclusions drawn from the data, for example: On the one hand, if you are particularly concerned that questionable cases might not have been entered into the computer system and that as a result, the degree of compliance may be overstated, you should consider tracing from source documents to the database.
In this case, the error could be caught, not by electronic testing, but only by tracing the data to source documents.
Consider tracing from source documents, instead of or in addition to tracing a sample to source documents, when you have concerns that the data are not complete.
For example, we have traced the management problems of many federal agencies to organizational structures that are obsolete and inadequate to modern demands.
Direct costs are assigned to activities by direct tracing of units of resources consumed by individual activities.
Britain’s political and economic connections to Madeira can be traced to the 17th century.
Madrid’s diverse architecture, while not the equal of a Paris or London, traces the city’s stages of expansion and prevailing styles of the different eras.
The “little town of Bethlehem” is a Palestinian settlement where Christians worship and Jews trace the line of David.
The monastery’s museum traces the kingdom of Naples’ long history in costumes, sculpture, paintings, and prints.
In a similar vein, the National Aviation Museum at Rockcliffe Airport traces the history of aviation through the early flying machines, bi- and triplanes, and the great fighters of two world wars.
The Maritime Museum traces the history of the Pacific port.
The roots of the sport are hard to trace.
The central keep sits on the highest ground and houses an interesting Museu Militar, tracing the course of Portuguese military concerns from prehistoric times right through to the colonial wars of the 1970s.
