If NSA had been asked to try to identify these people, the agency would have started by checking its own database of earlier information from these same sources.
I believe in your deposition you indicated in your day-to-day events you try to spark your children's interest in science?
Of course, that explanation works only if I care about the other bidders' opinions--say, because I think they know more than I do or because I'm trying to predict what kind of resale market I might face someday.
At 8:59, Flight 175 passenger Brian David Sweeney tried to call his wife, Julie.
Can you imagine trying to raise ten children in a two-bedroom apartment?
Rothschild did what any loving wife would do in those circumstances: "I tried everything.
The WP says that Yeltsin is trying to engineer his succession by a friendly replacement because he's worried about prosecution for corruption after leaving office.
Try to arrive as the chapel opens or at sunset (see page 39) and make your way to the upper level, where light blazes in through 15 stained-glass windows separated by buttresses so slim that there seems to be no wall at all.
Yale law professor and quirky constitutional historian Bruce Ackerman, testifying before the House of Representatives in December, argued that a newly elected Congress has little authority to try an official who was impeached by the previous one.
Now, you could try to “fit” the data on the corn prices with the first Fourier “mode,” namely the average price.
uh-huh i mean it's good because they they try new things you know but it's like
She tried to return (it), but to no avail.
Don’t worry about trying to take in these views while driving, for there are many stopping places along the way where you can take photographs or simply enjoy the panorama.
Step 8. Repeat Steps 5 to 7 until all k > 1 of interest have been tried.
A caustic piece reports that war has improved life in Belgrade: There are no traffic jams (because so many people have fled), and the crime rate has dropped (because all offenses are tried under martial law).
This is the minimum they are prepared to accept, and you will probably be wasting your time if you try to force them any lower.
This leads to the sense that "nothing works" when, in fact, nothing has been tried to its maximal therapeutic dose.
Alarm bells would not start ringing until these efforts-which could take five minutes or more-were tried and had failed.
He speaks preternaturally slowly, as if operating underwater, so that watching him in discussion with two or three fast-on- their-feet political analysts is much like watching a valium addict trying to communicate with a roomful of meth heads.
More adventurous cyclists can savor the delights of mountain-biking down the steep trails of Mount Tamalpais in Marin County, or try riding against the experts at the Mission Bay Circuit on Fiesta Island, San Diego.
Trying to outwit the US Coast Guard was risky but enormously profitable.
You can try your luck at pari mutuel betting on jai-alai at pari mutuel, greyhound-racing at the Cani­drome (one of the largest in the world), and harness-racing on Taipa.
The ad side of all newspapers is constantly trying to get the ed side to say nice things about those advertising.
As that agent began an initial pat-down, Ressam panicked and tried to run away.
Companies have found that trying to capture the knowledge required to stabilize the design of a product that requires significant amounts of new content is an unmanageable task, especially if the goal is to reduce cycle times and get the product into the marketplace as quickly as possible.
Los Angeles is undeniably car country, though it is trying to alleviate its congestion and pollution by building a light-rail network.
The first step of treatment is trying to calm down the patient and to identify the underlying cause [ 1, 3, 13].
You're trying this case.
As further encouragement for the 200 or so followers they have picked up already, the consortium schools have given their graduates Palm organizers, paid for companies to help with their billing, and offered free legal research and even yoga and meditation classes, almost anything to help make life a little easier for those trying to hang out their shingles.
He must try three times, overcoming many obstacles, before he succeeds in bringing the bones to the sky.
We will return in a subsequent chapter to ask if it makes sense to try to finitely prestate the initial and boundary conditions of a biosphere.
Also try the open-air Discoteca La Patana, near the bridge into Varadero.
However, the surrounding fertile countryside is attractive, the spicy Hunan cuisine is worth trying, the scenic mountain areas of the province are outstanding, and the archaeological displays are stunning.
Most of the halls date from the Qing Dynasty, although Yuanchen Hall, where visitors try to locate the deity on the zodiac of their birthday, dates from the time of Kublai Khan.
35 According to the 2001 Retirement Confidence Survey,36 about 46 percent of American workers have not tried to calculate how much they need to save for retirement.
Revisiting these issues tried the patience of some of the officials who felt they had already been down these roads and who found the NSC's procedures slow."
The UAE embassy in turn contacted the Hamburg police and a UAE representative tried to find him in Germany, visiting mosques and Shehhi's last address in Hamburg.
I tie it tight around my electrical/biomedical-engineering-from-USC-filled head, over my up-to-the-minute, very fashionable, mostly European designer clothes (sorry, don't mean to brag, just trying to break that ridiculous stereotype).
Then it will try to deepen Russia's economic crisis with a view to destroying its nuclear capability.
The Post also says that more than a year prior to secretly taping Monica Lewinsky, Linda Tripp tried to sell a book about the Clinton White House, asking the conservative publisher Alfred Regnery for something in the neighborhood of $500,000.
The missionaries struggled valiantly against the dictates of the desert, trying simultaneously to survive the harshness of their circumstances and spread the Mormon faith.
It is one the Libraries are trying very hard to eliminate, but the rapidly increasing price of materials makes the task difficult.
The Wall Street Journal states that the plaintiffs' lawyers hired by Texas to try the case will receive as part of the deal almost $2.
One is that the dog is attempting to take on the odour like a perfume, the other is that the odour is too strong to cover with a urine mark so the dog tries to cover it with its entire body surface [ 30 ] .
And we used to try to dress up and pretend we were businesswomen.
Last night I reprised our run over the bridge, trying several new bars, a different brand of goo, and a couple of drinks.
Off the East Coast, try deep-sea fishing for barracuda or shark.
Try taking a trip around the caldera, with stops at the new volcanic islands of Nea and Palea Kameni.
For jazz and blues clubs in Kraków, try U Muniaka (ul. Florianska 3), Klub Indigo (ul. Florianska 26), and Klinika 35 (ul. •w. Tomasza 35).
oh yeah i i guess there's a lot to to think about when you're trying to make that decision
The men then try to unbalance their opponent.
At first, only a few retailers required this, and apparel manufacturers tried to meet these needs with minimal changes in their internal practices.
When the Department of Health and Human Services was trying out delivery of Head Start services to parents and children in their own homes, called Home Start, the Department supplemented a formal assessment of the development of the children before and after the program with case studies (High/Scope Educational Research Foundation, 1972).
We want to do whatever we can to help Texans through this trying time."
